Tried to fight multiple times, cried, fallen over, and refused to eat... Sounds like my toddlers...
i would feel a violent stab of loneliness
But it's accurate. The other link states he was living in one of the poorest provinces in China. Dude was just an idiot
Not actually cheating if the system is set up that way. Take it up with your Government.
Arguing a player is the GOAT among every position is just a dumb argument to even begin with when it comes to football.
that was an awful open shot....
Nah let's not be those people.
Son of a bitch... here we go. Can't just stand there guys....
As I understand if our Libel laws had been as shitty as the ones in the UK he could.
Nah, my comment stands. Poor effort.
Pff sticking the bumper back on isn’t a massive task, I’d call it a win
i hate even doing this because i feel like it s rude but i must say i love the blog it came from and this is no insult to the food photography because i enjoy it
thanks, got traded from the habs and I remembered liking his game during pre season, was wondering why he got sent down. oh, and fuck [NAME]
Infatuation and love and really different and I've found our the hard way, wait a couple weeks before using the big L word Nice tho :)
ive played fps games and each time ive left feeling like it was an mentally emotionally dangerous thing to do that i had to switch off an important part of my brain just to play it
i know what it feels like to face irate customers
we legally can't do that now mr. [NAME]
Ok.... he can *call* it the State of the Union, but that doesn't mean it is.
Not sure if you're joking. Not sure if I disagree. But since the point of high school is daytime teenager containment google would not accomplish that.
Way to cherry pick. Remember that time that [NAME] person got lit up for like, 9 goals against or something? Man, that guy sure sucked.
i feel like its petty to be worried about it
I cant stand [NAME]
Because majority of moves have stupidly long names. GO INTO ANGEL PUNISHER INTO DIVE BOMB RADIANCE AND FINISH THE JOB WITH PUNISHING LIGHT BLADE
We are going with Godsey. This team is so dumb.
Its weird because I didn’t say “house cat” I just said “cat” yet you felt the need to correct me.
im feeling rebellious and need to do something to relieve some of the turmoil in my body
I don't think eating 4 eggs at a time is going to clog your arteries, unless you do it like 6 times a day
i feel fucked up on the inside
Why does [NAME] also steal [NAME] revolutionism
Maybe it's similar to how [NAME] hates cantaloupe.
i feel hated and isolated but it doesn t hurt
is voice as usual is perfect but is like you know yomis voice can do better and you kind of feel frustrated because this song is not the best and doesnt highlight yomis voice properly
lmao dana just like "i fucking hate my nephew"
we definitely don't need more people on this overcrowded planet.
Please no.
This sounds like a toxic relationship for the both of you. Seems miserable... I’d hate to be in that relationship
Thanks. And I suppose, but I think I gave up on justice. It’s too late. I just want revenge now.
This is ok as extra content, but it feels really uncomfortable.
The games are that expensive, because corporations have figured out that people will pay that price point. Now bugger off.
That isn't the ideal female body nor is it /fit/ That's a fetish
im thinking of locking myself in my house until i manage to get it all organized but i have a feeling i may become as cranky and isolated as this dear friend a href http
Who the fuck reads news *papers* anymore? Baby boomers. This kind of crap is totally written by a "journalist" in need of a safe place.
That moment when you feel isolated in r/ForeverAlone. Never had anyone like me
i feel bitter and just honkerblonked off in general
i feel more irritable
They seem to have very "sick" laws in Saudi Arabia. Where women don't have any protection from government against their perpetrators.
You make less than zero sense.
What? No deal, abort, abort!
Holy hell I hate them so much.
It's even worse when one considers that they are intent on moving to Europe and that by moving to a developed region their carbon footprint will increase significantly.
SHUUUUUT UP THIS IS TOO TRUE
No... There are many ways to prove you are [NAME]. I've heard of people that proved they are [NAME] by showing that their mother speaks Yidish.
i kept staring at her quivering flower feeling that it was like a violent flower in time lapse photography a flower shivering with vigorous growth as it accelerated out to the flickering sun racing sky heralding the end of our relationship before it had even started
i stopped feeling bitter and sorry for myself and lost myself in the work my work started getting better or rather continued to get better
That’s Grandpa [NAME]. I stomp flaming bags with my boots
Remember when the media ignored all of the horrible things [NAME] did? Including what he did to Syria?
Seems like you're another guy who hates legion ;D
An attractive woman falling down and exposing her butt. It's weird that he'd go so 0 to 60 on such a thing.
i am energetically pursuing my goals or i feel agitated and unable to sit still
yeah but we really don’t want to be like them. it is an example of failed communism turned militaristic authoritarianism
I don't like it, simply because men never want to be just friends, and I have no interest in dating random dudes who message me.
Damn. [NAME]
i am uncomfortable
i wanted both but i feel greedy
i waited in line longer than usual i didnt feel impatient that my business was delayed i listened to the master about why this was occurring and how i could be of service during that moment
No compromise, the Democrats are finally showing some goddamn backbone.
I don't think they really learn so much as they relax and get more comfortable.
i feel like a failure like i m so fucked up that i have to be medically managed
Nah we love telling people to post hog, you're just making our day better.
i felt the sadness and remorse we are supposed to feel when we realize we have wronged someone corinthians
It's fine, I just don't want to take the time out of my day to make food... or wait for food.
There would be a lot of sexual tension in faze...
It kind of blew my mind to see that after reading some of the most generic advices in that post. Who the f* upvote these posts?
i feel like i am despised
No, that's Generation Z. Instagram is their fault.
i feel pissed my friend didnt offer me a soda
i think they feel somehow offended because the christians played a big part in destroying the earlier cultures religions and mythologies
Another senseless tragedy.
Subpoena is still one of the weirdest words I’ve ever seen
im warning you hes feeling cranky this morning
It's too small of a traffic circle to make sense
Doctor charged 400 bucks for a blood pressure check before renewing my wife's high BP medication. She HAS been acting a little weird la
All I'm saying is there is no way I would let one solo drop my whole team with a quad 0% chance
obviously, its just a stupid question
i feel i am kinda pissed off
>Yes. I’m an idiot. Checks out.
There’s a weird [NAME] version of this where the person falls and finds [NAME]
I am not saying that I think many of the latest disputes my husband and i have had ours for a little while longer.
No, no I'm not.
No, instant transmission is only to places you've been and people you know
I'll be rather upset if he scores against us
Mate none of these are accurate. I only read these articles as an excuse to get mad at something
I don't really want to do anything.
DON'T DO THE TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES LIKE THAT THEY DON'T WANT HER EITHER BRUH
i feel like affirmation however petty is what i really need
Yeah me, I'm blaming my medication tho.
i can control is me and if people feel that i wronged them i will try my best to fix it but some people you cant make happy
I've never been more disturbed by a dog
Fuck that. Anyone who makes a career out of spreading bullshit to morons is worthless trash.
At least I dont care about any of them.
a teacher was very blunt in his relation to a child so that the child was very upset when arriving at home
you just use the word weird like that's all there is to it. weird isn't the issue. the issue is garbage
i never kissed a guy because every time i d try i d freak out and feel disgusted
> They are working on something new... TLWGAS. I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm too dumb to figure out what that stands for
Well that sucks. The disconnect reconnect and keeping your bloodpoints I mean. The accidental vs purposeful disconnect seems fair.
i go from your presence from praying for wisdom and patience and feel so instantly furious
i feel so disgusted with myself she allows me to see a glimpse of myself through her eyes and somehow miraculously i feel that maybe i can conquer the world after all
Oy vey, [NAME] 🗑 is gonna be *pissed*!!!
i feel less bitchy in the morning
Only married once so can't be that bad. Not that it even matters
Hated her. And that was honestly a more offensive reaction than everyone laughing at her IMHO
People’s shame and cultural oppressions regarding sexual behavior is responsible for all the world’s woes.
Reddit hates women.
"Then you leave me no choice but to call the police and have you charged with petty larceny".
Score is currently 12-12 when 25:th round begins and [NAME] has 35-10 stats. Insane.
i bet taylor swift basks in the knowledge that the boys she writes songs about probably feel tortured
i feel like im the only one there with a brain not to be rude but i refuse to sit with loud and rude people so i sit alone with just myself and a good book
i just feel cold and drained all the time im either hungry or tired or cold at the moment and it sort of sucks
i feel like this was such a rude comment and im glad that t
Who even are you? Get off the Internet little boy. I don't have time for you
i feel like im a hateful person sometimes
Yeah. I killed them both.
ill take my gfathers ute down to get a load of shit or as some would prefer manure but im feeling hostile so let me have it and will attempt a version of a home made compost
No way. [NAME] was annoying. Arizona left a huge gap in the cast, she was great
New Title Idea : Man gets assaulted for voicing his (albeit awful and disgusting) opinion.
This is my fiancé and I hate it
> You don’t get to whitewash Libertarianism’s racist roots. Please educate me on this or educate yourself:
i feel very frustrated and very sad
im feeling stressed about upcoming events drowning in feelings of being overwhelmed with how much i need to do in order to get my house back in order and the long week i have ahead of me that my husband will be out of town
That cat's jump when the coyote takes his eyes off him.. Ouch!
im feeling terribly impatient
No it’s a lie because he could not possibly have been in Vietnam. And he did not correct a single outlet who said he was.
It's pretty banging too.
i think of what dharavi means for mumbai and the country if you keep the annual turnovers aside for a while i feel agitated
Man'. The point became invalid once the school yard name calling came out. And, 'this year'. It's only January.
i feel slightly snobbish
i told her that we cannot continue this way and when she is starting to feel frustrated she has to let me know in a calm way
The Internet is a weird place.
i would like you to start with asking yourself these questions with you feel stressed
Most of the people commenting in /r/Libertarian aren't libertarians, but are just there to tell libertarians how stupid and evil they are.
Stop following me around you one hour old troll account.
Don't be coy were talking about the active ingredients here not the plant itself.
[NAME] yer fucked.
Well, never thought I'd be here, but here I am, someone who passionately hates the Florida Panthers
You don’t understand it because it’s insanely dumb, as the vid demonstrates.
i feel irritable and unfulfilled if i dont paint for several days
Powerful stuff. I'm sorry I gave you this much time and credit.
Don’t blame [NAME] there tf is he supposed to do if our wing can’t stay in front of their man
What does she want? No sex with you! Your giving up which is what she wants! She wins and you lose. Pretty simple!
Stop doing weird things
i also mention marriage living in that he also feel the wronged me but at home so high the price is scary an ordinary rural family really difficult to afford the high price of the house
i haven t done it in a couple years and now i feel like i m at a place where i hated it when i was doing it but i wish i could do it again
i finally found this afternoon and i wear it feeling like a vicious lurker
i feel like we rushed through this weekend
I wouldn’t worry, most United fans have never even been to Manchester.
Stop using that excuse he hasn't been dominant since returning
You mean, their gender. And no, we really just do as much as cis person.
Yeah that last one made me hate her the most for some reason.
i can assume they are not feeling the cold like i am their water is not frozen they have plenty of feed though they eschew this in favor of foraging and scratch
You’re an asshole.
Hahah, nope! Also from Michigan. Michigan, give me my 40* weather back.
Fool you twice, shame on you
I earned the money, I bought the food and I cooked the food so don't go thanking your phoney baloney god for it in my home.
Damn this is dope
All of Disney is cringey. It needs to be stopped
If men were that aggressive we’d be arrested and then slammed publicly and socially. Lives ruined for a moment of drunken stupor.
[NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] just yelling over each other and [NAME] looking around like what the...?
i woke up this morning feeling very agitated at the day coming
Man I hate kids
i feel like im the mad hatter rather than alice
im unhappy i feel irritated by everything and i yell
im currently struggling with feeling offended at my drs office worried about my body and what the heck is wrong very seriously contemplating getting my tubes tied and then the normal everyday things that occupy our minds at any given time
"Oh, how DARE you discuss the disgustingly unhealthy and dangerous lifestyle I pursue!" /s
which is the very issue because he banned me
I've been looking forward to this But damn, I was hoping for some epic revenge story ;-;
In what fucking world is this drawing not bad
i get the feeling that she is dissatisfied with life now and that she is filled with regret and bitterness as she has distanced herself from all possible means for disappointment
Yeah it’s weird bc in my family the basket case was my dad.
i feel like a heartless b tch for hating him so much
Umm how about “Sorry I tried to kidnap our son.” He could start there.
Of all of the fan-favorites from each city, [NAME] being the fan-favorite confuses and annoys me most. Her headlines are becoming insufferable.
Game: ok get out now Nea: a Game: no fuck you nea u toxic af
They announce they hate Brexit first
If you make them get out in this. You deserved the fucking ticket.
i feel kind of petty blogging about this
Well attention whores are women(mostly) that always seek validation from other people, something that can really become very obnoxious and annoying.
i am feeling rushed or overwhelmed to have the perfect house that my brain explodes and all proper decision making skills get lost in the debris
im not sure that feeling slightly wronged by the police the sheriff or the tsa is always a bad thing
Bloody Sundae ([NAME] x [NAME]).
Drive thru is the worst. The number of times people would sneeze in my face at the window was infuriating.
I hate the argument too. It betrays and exposes the violent, primitive ape amygdala response that is most Human social interaction.
i really am feeling horribly irritable and a little bit depressed
I have been saying this for a long time, he is way overpaid and the forward position is our main weakness since [NAME] left.
i tend not to want to cook if i feel grumpy or tired or just stressed
i was feeling resentful enough to want to write about it here which means i need to work on look getting my hackles raised when others judge me
Too bad such a scumbag of an organization gets to host the AFC championship game. NFL is thankful it isn’t the Chargers tho.
I think I'm kinda the same way like I change up so much everything I say feels like a lie... See just did it again. Fuck.
i needed but i m feeling greedy
Alright dude just fuck off ok, it's not the funniest thing on the internet but it did make me smile so in conclusion fuck you
A pencil skirt is tight around the hips with a slit in the back, not swishy. Does that make sense?
I have a deep seeded hatred for close-minded people too.
You just worded it badly, like we all SHOULD want to see it change, which many of us don’t.
Damn that’s a big F from me :(
Screaming at this reply
Well then I feel sorry for men for being such incontrolable sexual beasts I guess. My original answer was sincere, I can't speak for others though.
i was feeling grouchy and upset about a situation with a girl which wasn t going how i d hoped
> since he was the one to take it away from [NAME] last season [NAME] didn't deserve it last season
Damn straight.
[NAME] voice actor by the end of the game was phenomenal. So much rage and sadness
That used to be my favorite view on the planet, but now it’s just rage. I can’t look anymore.
Sorry, no legal advice, but that really sucks and you have my sympathy. Best of luck and determination.
We dont want or deserve to win this game. Sloppy sloppy sloppy
That’s another unfair accusation. I spent a lot of time trying to reach an understanding with you.
Mixed drinks are tastier. And I hate raw clear spirits in particular.
The adults are a bit drunk and I just got called an anti social bastard Pray 4 me
It's the wisdom of the fool.
i last saw him and already im feeling this agitated
They also almost always miss, leading to that awful thin sheet of bagel that ends up as ash in the oven.
when it became clear that a man had used many people sexually and psychologically
No, he said he's bringing in somewhere around 10K a month, not 2500 a month. That's a HUGE income gap.
Hitting me. That just added another funny dynamic to it even though I wasn’t actually trying to hit her.
Man, and I thought the princess and the toad was an odd story
You know what’s ignorant? People who spend their free time making themselves look like a belligerent, disputatious assholes. Find something better to do.
Yeah, life in America is horrifying. Give me a break.
i have omitted the link to this article as i feel readers of this blog may be offended by the questionable adult content on the nyps webpage
People on the internet take shows too seriously. The average fan is not like that
Well that sucks
Tell her to stop eating shit and start using mouthwash.
Poeling is looking like a fkn stud. Imagine our C depth next season... [NAME]... holy fuck
[NAME] path made me hate everything associated with pirates
No they can't. Rent increases has to be given notice at least 30 days prior
Thats not mold
I think you overestimate the ability of politicians to rig the vote c.f. May 2017
Am an FX artist. This is fake. Scar wax gives it away so badly.
i feel disgusted embarrased and sad about how i handled the situation
Prey actually had portals before Portal. Such an underrated game.
im sure this silly little blog is ridiculous but sometimes i just feel so aggravated
Guy looks like he's taking a nasty deuce.
What a fucking idiot lol
Our education system has been a complete and utter failure...
Wtf is a weeb
No problem here, as long as neither one of you are the asshole.
i can be as kind as an angel but sometimes i can also be as mean as a devil i used to use harsh words when i feel irritated
I’m jealous.
They won’t. They’re just going to ignore it because fortnite makes them money.
natural selection will rape her anyway so...
i hate furries
i am appalled that i feel violent toward another human being
so doing something illegal only dehumanises you when caught?
Because people hate freedom
WHY THE FUCK IS BAYLESS ISOING
What a loon
Please, it'd be to stop time wasting doomed repeat VoNCs.
i was impressed with how dunham portrayed hannahs whole experience from trying to deny that its happening to feeling offended when you feel like someone is trying to minimise the distress its causing you
Some judges are just literally scum. Have those in Germany aswell. Unfortunately.
> Killing an intruder in your home in self defense is now a really bad thing. That was not even under discussion.
I love how all of you toss the blame on [NAME] as if [NAME] isn't just as responsible..gotta love revisionist history
Today on someone flamed me in chat
Abstaining is dumb, she should’ve voted no
Even if it’s available 24/7 on your new website 99% of it is ugly so people still won’t buy it.
i feel extremely insulted
Thanks for that. It seemed fishy, but it is what comes up when you Google it!
Well, that’s not a position many conservatives hold except for the [NAME], but I appreciate the honesty.
No, I think you posted this in the right place. I get annoyed when people say what and what isn't antinatalist on this forum.
“People said I was stupid for stretching out my lobe so far that it ripped. Well who’s stupid NOW?”
i was feeling a bit rebellious today
The judge wasn’t impartial as decided by the appeal court. The judge needs to be schooled.
“I’ll never step foot in a gym again”
Id be glad, I used to take those off when I was a kid. I dont want brightly colored rocks in my brownie
Yup. Was so annoyed to see this making the rounds yesterday.
These are worse than the [NAME] ones [NAME]
I legitimately want to brutally murder this person for saying that about us autistics
i have read and experienced going vegetarian to vegan from a meat eater how the toxins leave your body and make you feel irritable and grumpy
I didnt realize wishing Liberty would open their wallet would make it happen... It sucks, but it's the reality. We need value.
Typically the speeches come from a functional adult. The Idiot is an unindicted co-conspirator with a visible personality disorder. Feigning normalcy is part of what's wrong.
i feel less aggravated and upset today i think i realized that its just not worth it it proved to be wasted time and effort pointless and stupid i am fine with not knowing him im uneffected for the time being at least
Being a woman is not an excuse, you do not represent all women. Thank the lord.
I figured this story would end with her screaming, "I DON'T CARE WHO YOU ARE... THIS IS A CAR.. TAKE ME HOME!!!"
I guess. I respect the boots on the ground cops. They aren’t the ones coming up with these ridiculous policies.
If you can spend more time insulting me than insulting my ideas, then someone else here is dumb.
Oh fucking come on
i feel like all women are witches in someway why do we have to be tortured for being beautiful and powerful
i dont drink green charged water for a few days i feel irritable and disoriented
I hate y'all too
These subtitles are stupid & unnecessary.
i didnt know whether or not to feel flattered or some sort of disgusted
i feel so extrememly bitchy today that ive done something i have never done in my years of life
“1, personal space. 2, I like my personal space. 3 get outa my personal space...”
A better description would be she got a nasty fright rather than it being terrifying.
“Touch me again and I’ll kill you.” I’m low key blown away that The Last Boy Scout even *made* it to Australia.
Just shut up dude
This is ugly af sry
I came here to laugh at memes. Not feel feels
Its distasteful to complain about male-dominated space like stem? **pearl clutching intensifies**
i know what happened might still feel real feel dangerous but i don t plan on going anywhere any time soon
That's far more expensive than, you know, recycling it...
“I don’t need no more sisters, I got enough last year” *cut to shocked mid drag faces in the werk room*
Being so rare and only giving you bad luck? Fake news
i wanted other women to feel envious of my figure and say oooh youd never guess youd just had a baby
Ok but what if you hire him into a management position. He makes women feel uncomfortable and a discrimination suit waiting to happen.
Sucks that [NAME] won't get to play [NAME]
I don’t know her, I just thought it was funny how the titles of that post and the post under it went so well together.
They do it way more often than you do and they give even less of a fuck. It's normal.
WHAT?! You dare insult the band of gods?! Typical teen, I hate my own generation! *screams in 16 year old*
i feel irritated that he either interrupts my quiet time or wakes me up
Worse than selling your soule
The car analogy is silly because car problems are physical and material and hence clearly factual diagnosable. “Toxic masculinity” is a squishy theoretical concept.
i feel that the thighs are being stubborn and not going away at the same rate as stomach arms or butt
Wow your sister is in abusive relationship, cool.
Racism is as racism does - so yeah, goin' out and willfully doing racist shit is indeed racist. Not too hard to grasp.
Shh don't spoil it for us
This is super duper nasty
That awkward moment when you fully embrace misogyny but believe homophobia is wrong.
This sub can be so ridiculously cynical. It's just a pretty picture of a sign!
i didn t wish to be the president i hardly know these people and i got the feeling that they hated me for being quiet and not smiling
im happy to have this in my kitchen but it feels like someone rushed this out and cut corners
i was feeling pretty cranky this morning and stopping in here really made me feel a lot better
what a stupid opinion
i feel tortured and tragic enough as it is without having any importance or sparkle
It’s a fucking rockstar videogame, not an old west farm and hunting simulator you pleb.
i no longer have that angst inside me the kind of yelping passion and feeling of being wronged or what have you that drove my initial connection to emo
You k how it's bad when a furry is roasting you
I compleatly get it. It makes me not trust people over the littlest things.
i not feel resentful for always putting out more effort then ever receiving
I'm more than sure we [NAME] lovers feel the same way, her outfits are awful
Ahh you poop too much
EMAO fats (Eat my ass off)
i feel so impatient and sometimes i feel thankful that god gave me more time for the moulding of my heart
Even with their new location around the corner, they are still incredibly awful. By far the worst [NAME].
i feel like todd is getting too stressed or tired with caleb i will take him because i dont want caleb to feel that frustration
Ehhh kill streaks aka point streaks in bfv.. Not impressed. That game is booty water bf1 is way more fun
6 months is not long term in my opinion. 2 years and up.
Since [NAME] are technically [NAME].
i am sure the vast majority of decent working class people feel insulted about being derided as unable to be respectful towards referees and are the parents who watch their child s match shouting abuse and swearing etc
Damn, that's low.
Absolutely not! If religions didn’t exist on this planet, we would be a far more advanced society.
i really am feeling so impatient
Japan shouldn't have attacked the USA.
You're willing to lie about anything to shill for [NAME].
By who? Hate the Flames all you want, but there's nobody competing for a wildcard spot that will "dunk" them in the first round
i was over tired and feeling irritable as a result
im gradually feeling a little irritated with how pacified all these people can be at present until i wish to just disappear and let them coordinate their own nonsense sometimes
Where'd you go tough guy? You were talking so big before. Way to downvote and move on punk.
just speculation at this point but it's not looking good
It's time to feel the fucking Bern, America.
I like [NAME] but I disagree with him here. Then again it's not much surprise that a mega rich globetrotter that lives next to [NAME] would hold such views.
i do feel agitated restless or on edge quite often
You’re the one who is stupid
And even though it’s only half carbonated at this point it still gives her those weird wet talking burps.
Not a chance on this
They hated [NAME] since the beginning of [RELIGION], they treated them like animals
You’re not winning this one. Move along.
If they want the situation to escalate, they may just keep nagging me and wait for things to tip over.
i feel furious on your behalf
[NAME] is good but he needs to never take a midrange shot again
i was thinking about going out to dinner but im feeling like i might not be bothered too
Now ask me if I care. It's irritating and stupid.
Lmao I have like 12 days played cop farming who even does that anymore oh my [NAME] you’re pathetic for even bringing up ages
This can be taken horribly out of context
ive been cleaning the apartment trying to get life back in order after vacation and holiday mayhem and instead of feeling grumpy about it like i usually would i am feeling overwhelmingly blessed
> so much misinformation > No hazing or violence tolerated whatsoever Lmao wut
[NAME] Just Stop trying you idiot
Unfortunately I don't know how to read hangul. I'm still in the very early stages of planning so still lots of things to look at!
My hospital has this already, I thought everyone did. Can’t get an IV? Tried a crap ton of places? Call the IV team.
Sad for the people who contracted measles. Angry at the parents who didn't vaccinate their kids against measles.
It shouldn’t say that, because it is not single payer
i feel like im making all the effort and i cant be bothered with it anymore
Why is she the absolute worst
And with the federal laws about how little time they can drive before forced breaks, they work less than any shithead salaried manager and great pay
i am extremely blessed and have a wonderful life but i am often guilty of feeling envious and upset when someone has more blessings special recognition or appears to have it better than i do
[NAME] damn, she must fuckin’ STINK.
Am I wrong? So many people from NY say it's really gone downhill. Doesn't mean I don't like public transportation
Fruit is byfar the worst of all flavors
Randomly watched arrow this week and I think each year is more confusing and I didn't like it! At least [NAME] is still there and always shining!
I bet she smells like a jar of mayo left open for a week in the summer
He is a moron.
Why should I care what he thinks?
Shut up and stop trolling. You're not funny
im just feeling so fucked up nothing can cheer me up
[NAME] damnit, have your upvote
That is definitely an unpopular opinion. Upvoted.
Same thing with Urgot mid. It looks absolutely trash even in LCK.
I disagree. It's a couple of loud voices and some pretty blatant brigading from at least one of them.
yup - he threw [NAME] under the bus with no guilt
I’m just gonna go ahead and call bullshit on most of the details of this story.
i just feel so fucked up these days
im already feeling stressed about salvaging the friendship as time goes by i realize theres also another point that isnt helping
watching a violent movie
i guess im just feeling a little rebellious
i feel i m getting distracted and not real
Lakers truly have the worst fans
What a shit twat
i feel rather petty that i just dont have time to have someone talented like christine make it
So do I, but I don’t want them to be associated with government espionage and other shady shit either.
Not gonna happen, pure delusion I *aggressively* call this ridiculous bluff
At no point in the game has that been true
Never underestimate the stupidity of people
Ugh. People are the worst!
“What the FUCK is this [NAME], explain!”
Nah, you’re totally one of those MAGAmers. Your comments could’ve come straight out of the subreddit.
I can see why! I would totally be offended too!
You are so ugly even tears wont show up near you
I'd say no, mostly because you don't plan to stay long-term.
i feel like when nikolas gets here im going to have such a rude wake up call
>[NAME] pulls publicity drama stunt with mild success. FTFY
Like an idiot.
Fuck man I didn’t plan on crying in my cube today
Until you provide a valid source nobody cares what your theory is. So it's downvoted.
i also feel that i am often a burden and in the way more than anything as a nursing student to the other nurses yet i must remember that while some may be grumpy at our presence everyone has to learn somewhere and boo friggety hoo if some medical personnel are irritated by the nursing students
I already told you, food poisoning or allergic foods. The real greedy snake oil salesmen are big pharma.
you’re acting mad pretentious lol there’s nothing wrong with wanting to live in Cali
i feel outraged that my life is so easy so blessed
No.. that's the exact opposite of what they are.
The UK having disdain for Ireland or Irish people isn’t exactly new.
They understand alright, they just don't give a shit. Bunch of fucking scum.
im just feeling particularly obnoxious tonight
YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH WHEN YOU’RE TALKIN’ TO ME!
Watch out, [NAME]!! [NAME] is right behind you. Oh god oh fuck he can’t hear us, he has AirPods.
19??? Yikes slow down, enjoy yourselves and figure yourselves out. Not an age to make big decisions like that, I say at 24...
PLEASE!!! That’s on a PERFECT day! I live here. Trust me. NOT always that simple!
isnt that halloween or like easter, man people are weird
Ya done goofed kid. All you had to do was win.
That's not really a solid method.
i see those forms that i havent do yet i just feel very agitated
wow that’s really some hate there. I hated [NAME] in the Office too, but he got okay since the third run
To be fair that would be a hella stiff drink.
We need to do something about [NAME] because he's fucking my fantasy team up
i feel not heartless because my heart hurts so i still feel it i feel so much pain
She got the death penalty...? fck me.
i feel grumpy i m going to dig out my xl mens pajama s grab a bar of chocolate put my favorite chick flick in the dvd player and treat myself not like a failure of some kind but like a person who is feeling grumpy who maybe just needs some time to herself
Worst feeling ever
i hate that feeling cus thats really bitchy to want someone to break up with their girlfriend so theyd be with you
What was the original post? If it was as awful as this one my comment would still apply!
As The Pot Bro's always say. When the Cops ask you questions. Shut the fuck up.
Downvoted because I stated facts ok...
This post is bad because the only good phone is the Palm Pre 3 running webOS
i of britain so were louis xvi and marie antoinette but i think perhaps i feel the loss of russia more because it was so violent it was the entire family and because it was so comparatively recent
We're going to return to [NAME] and [NAME] being bffs again and talking shit about [NAME] or some other random shit.
Not only that, the "improved controls" aren't a thing at all. I'm not re-buying Blood Money for nicer graphics.
Yes. I hate everything that has to do with my depression.
I don’t think that many people really thought [NAME] would be a game changer.
Understood - PM was all gears and no downtime. Last thing I would want is another bloody job like that. Cheers
SHE MAKES ME CRINGE :(
What a disgusting pair of human beings, if you can even call them that
you are trying to use post-modern mumbo jumbo deconstruction of words. Go away, idiot.
Shrug. Cant blame anyone other than your parents.
I don’t think you are comprehending what I’m saying.
Lol I don’t disagree, but the perimeter defense let them walk into the paint. You can blame [NAME] too.
Moving in general sucks, moving a book store must really suck
Unable. It's not really possible. It's not his only interest but it's the one I can't really do anything about.
i like to buck the system and climb on my soapbox when i feel wronged or see others wronged but for the most part i am more comfortable with a society that accepts certain behaviors as moral truths
No. Screw him. It IS a demanding job. Physically and emotionally draining. You deserve a hot meal and a friggin hour or two to decompress.
Using an argument based on intolerance is frankly a bad strategic idea and borders on offensive. It won't persuade anybody and it sounds ridiculous.
i see women wearing boots i feel envious that i want to curse them
Pins are given out? My store hordes that shit like there’s a coming apocalypse and pins are the only thing that will save them.
[NAME]! Get a DAMN good lawyer! Glad you're okay.
Damn, politics *does* make strange bedfellows.
This is stupid, if it is "standard" within mega budget movies, what is Lucasfilm excuse not to be prepared?
This guy doesn’t know how to life...
i even go further these subjects are not interesting to me in anyway because i m relating to them personally some example will be used with imaginary names to protect friend and family identity s please do not feel offended if u see your name
I wasn't trying to counter your whole argument by objecting to a particular bit I found particularly silly
I used to work with a guy that was always whining how tough his life was. My family this, my friends that. Very annoying
you obviously dont know how the wilpons work lol
i actually started this about hours ago and got distracted and now the flow is all odd and my roommate is here so i feel very rude just typing away
Go away [NAME]....
they just want someone to agree with them and tell them they're right. that's all these sorts of posts ever are.
i only cry when i think how guilty youll make me feel and yes ive fucked up a million reasons for shame and im sorry
Maybe 2 years ago the time wasn't right for your relationship and now it is. It's been long enough to give it a second chance imo.
> If everyone is put on the same level, where’s the competition? That's not what communism is..
There’s a special place in hell for u
i would not want to be they guy operating the reloader while 2000RPM of 30mm shells are firing
He was a bony old bastard and probably jealous of their big cat energy.
Get him boys!
a group of youngsters dressed in fads talked foul language on a bus they also insulted the pedestrians on the road and were impolite to the passengers of the bus
Nah she's just a dull asari doctor, with a pleasing voice.
i thought breaking up with my best friend of years would make me bitter and feel hateful towards her
i felt a bit bad about killing but it always feels like a chore that simply distracted from exploration
It’s all good. You do you. I get pissed and overreact all the time.
lmao yes, my reasoned, supported response to your unfounded criticism is most certainly an example of one of the points the hack artist tried to assert
Hey we have feelings too nerd
That’s not true. She represents those who voted her into power.
i feel frustrated for her when i read those chapters
Huh, so there should be no more men's and women's sports, bathrooms, prisons, etc.?
You told me it was pointless to point it out. You're the idiot
i found myself feeling jealous though
ITS TO THE POINT WHERE I LOVE AND I HATE YOU
So your sticking by the term "extremist" for this massive chunk of the population.
i hate feeling so fucked up all the time because of this
i left feeling annoyed and angry thinking that i was the center of some stupid joke
It's weird because sometimes I care and sometimes I don't. Although I wouldn't call myself an asexual I could be leaning more towards demisexual.
So we should stop caring about other people and only look out for ourselves. That DOES sound like a baby boomer!
Maybe, I'm just saying that there are players with more talent out the gate than him.
I dont think [NAME] is a fun drunk type of dude.
He's not a believer, so he doesn't see what he did as wrong.
i feeling stressed
i often feel very angry seeing these things around
i feel irritated a lot
i gotta feeling da bul taewuhbeoryeo burn it up i gotta feeling niga ulbujitneun nal ah neoneun wiheomhae gal ttaekkaji gatsseo get away woooo becuz i m cuz i m dangerous b
Oooh I haven't heard of that one. I'll look around.
It’s not so much the heat, it’s the humidity that’ll kill you.
i feel like my very own very little barbie doll i get to decorate myself up i hated heels before but thats all i wear now
im feeling cranky im not going to lie
Dude I have a verrrrry strong feeling the barber did that on purpose. Nowhere in the world is that an acceptable haircut. That’s fucked up
ive come to realize i need to stop runnin away from my fears gotta stop bein so confined and wanting to hide feeling the need to die and instead stic through this vicious hell like ride
Disgusting amount of oil.
Literally all of them have said and done MUCH worse than anything [NAME] has.
How is ot unreasonable. You take responsebility for what you breed. This natalist perversion is disgusting. The product didnt fail you. You failed the product.
You’ve just exemplified your own idea, thank you for further explaining it. I couldn’t agree more.
A UBI has to be sustainable. Taxing something to reduce its use and funneling that money into something people would depend on is absolute stupidity.
To annoy you That's the real on reason
Found the selfish and shitty anti-vaxxer in the thread. How many of us have to die before you get your fucking kids vaccinated?
i want to tell him how i feel how disgusted i am that he can hurt my husband the way he does and then just laugh about it how he treats his grandchildren how he treated my husbands mum and just scream at him to stop being such a selfish bastard because the world does not revolve around him
Now this is poke choking!
And the douche social media obsessed guy who left the used condom on the side table!
I'd rather continue throwing money into these foreign sinkholes than use it to mess up the healthcare markets any further.
I assure you I probably didn’t.
I don’t owe you an explanation. I’m at work.
Soooo.... He basically just admitted he didn’t get his kid shit for Christmas. What a fucking asshole!
i met them great people but i have a feeling i may have unintentionally offended them
hahahaha yeah you tell him man! fuk da police coming straight from da undagrunnn hahahah just like that song right!
I still think [NAME] is better, [NAME] normal are really bad...
Worst ending ever! I won't spoil it but this one sucked worse than the avengers last movie!
Yeah it's a weird thing people do
im not feeling pissed off about picking up those toys
movie sucks do yourself a favor and watch the Infernal Affairs trilogy they bastardized
Keep dreaming. He isn't coming to this black hole of an organization.
So far she seems pretty decent but I'm side-eyeing the hell out of him. His conduct at the restaurant was so bizarre and creepy.
And they sneak the bit about reckless driving and speeding in at the end as making one a prohibited person. This is absurd.
when i saw all the starving people in ethiopia on tv it felt awful to see such suffering
What a disgusting person she is
Fucking pouliot you're shit
i refuse to let myself feel bitter about the small sacrifices we have to make
And if that's the case then there is no helping him. It sucks that those people can't be helped
The sky is actually annoying and so on (and as annoying as it makes sense. No, this is interesting how?
I want my Thick Blood feat to actually say “F*CK YOU” every time I deny a Peacekeeper their bleed damage.
Watch the ignorance of a variety of topics manifest itself as word diarrhea just falling out of her dumb mouth.
They ate not hot, they are just annoyingly humid.
i want the little polly pocket heart purse so bad but i ain't paying hot topic $40 for it
[NAME]: "She seems useless"
Fuck why didn’t I think of that
i like moving with a long lead time and not feeling rushed
Racism. They're talking about racism. The hate is the new KKK sheet.
Yep because running a blower for 5 minutes caused it. Not the millions of vehicles or factories we have.
Damn that sucks did you get a tip at least?
Always on the back of my mind when that's the last thing I want.
my classmate got a b for his homework while i only got a c when we got the results he acted as if he did not merit this grade i found that his humility was hypocritical and i found it disgusting
You poor, hideous creature.
Ugh gross. Don't suggest a PUA book to a kid.
No, it's hard to come by!
You have no right to be there waiting to be nudged.
i feel angry disgusted
i feel can be even more dangerous though because when youre pouring all time into ministry it can be accompanied with self righteousness or self satisfaction
Well I mean this game is so stupid in a lot of ways tbh
You’re an awful troll...
Or just shoot them. Shooting annoying people is why guns exist.
Well no dur
After Ohtani, I can't bring myself to believe any of these unverified twitter rumors again.
Surely the error is lexical. And I think the original comment is poor (non native) idiom use
i will usually tell him that i was feeling frustrated for whatever reason and ask him to help me fix it
i couldnt feel thing however that kind of bothered me because i didnt feel it pop
Stop arguing with people.
i feel like if people see the chinks in my armor they re going to decide that i m this fucked up person dismiss me as a hot mess and not want to be around me anymore
i look at him and say nicely and friendly well im sorry you feel that way i do apologize to you this angered him more and he stormed out saying i dont need this shit not a good night overall but im off till friday thankfully
>so it doesn't seem like I'm a ~~whimp~~ wimp If someone actually says that to you, they're the wimp not you.
I kind of hate it when I agree with you, but definitely do this time.
You can't demand historical accuracy 'at all' then. It's logical fallacy.
Gawd but [NAME] is a bitch.
Shameless IG plug:
> Because I was a disgracefully gullible, immensely stupid fucking dipshit ~~was~~ *am* FTFY
Who gives a shit. Stay in your fucking car.
DEAD DUCK INSIDE DO NOT EAT. Well, I’m not sure what I expected.
I hate how much I love it
The whole team looks awful yet half the comments in here are still targeting one player.
Honestly, this has got to be the most reckless way to bully and harass a kid. Kids have a tendency to grow to their expectations
I spent the entire time trying not to yell at the TV. [NAME] and [NAME] can fuck right off.
i feel so bitchy talking about myself this way ahaha i sound less retarded telling this story in person i swear and said if i were a boy i would fall in love with you
i feel violent or something today
I can see how you feel , THIS DID NOT TEACH A CHILD TO RESPECT ANIMALS and im ashamed and upset honeslty no horse deserved that.
i would accept your gift without feeling mad
Nobody will ever dethrone nurses and teachers, but hotel employees are quietly becoming some of the weirdest people in my Tinder matches.
i could genuinely connect and enjoy instead of withdrawing and feeling resentful
I partly disagree. In an argument that stupid, whoever writes more text than the other person is inevitably the bigger moron.
oh man that actually sounds gross in that context
Lmao if that's insensitive to you, you'd better stay off the internet.
Then you'll be arrested, play stupid games win stupid prizes.
What should be the campaign is telling people that just because you find a child beautiful/pretty, it doesn't mean you're sexually attracted.
At least a feed of diazies stops me shitting the bed over the idea of a man wearing a dress. Uppa fuckin erps!!!
I don’t CARE!
I think a budget PHD or DNP would cost me 35k so not happening.
I swear if he is drafted as a father son to Gold Coast, I wont be happy
i pray that the eyes that read this the minds that comprehend this and the hearts that feel this will not be offended
yeah [NAME] can eat glass, that guy fuckin sucks
cute, new driver still cares. Come back in 4 months and u will be showing pictures of that bag thrown on the trunk.
a PG that shoots 41% on free throws? pass. would much rather have jrue if we're shitposting
But the battle dynamics are sh*t. Every other ME is better in that respect, especially the squad AI is bad. Really bad.
I have no idea what's going on, but I hate when people surround the car like that.
i feel genuinely wronged
i could feel my calf muscles starting to get grouchy and i had a cramp around my ribcage
Wtf. And then we wonder why people think DnD players are a bunch of fucking creeps. Sucks that you had to bear witness to such sadness.
I don't believe that there's any justification for an authoritarian government.
There are other petty crimes that can be more heavily prosecuted, like unpaid child support.
I hate those days man... So triggering
Print outs?!?!?! You tree killing monster!!!!
Oh man I was being facetious It annoyed me so much
VUC YOU IDIOT!!!!
when i heard about the way a parent of a friend had mistreated him
There's doing stupid things when you're young. Then there's doing horribly stupid things when you're in your mid-30s and you're already active in Politics
A fatass? Look at him. You think he cares about his appearance? He’s likely talking about alcohol anyway.
Maybe? I was def too busy going “ohmygawd motherfucking KING SHARK!?! 🦈 “ to notice
No one gives a fuck about your internet points guy
So you don’t agree with having success, self-worth and self-respect, and a purpose in life?
This is horrible... One of my worst nightmares actually.
OMG my [NAME] hates it too but she does it to me all the time
It feels weird reading a VICE article talking about itself in the third person.
It's not funny. Your neighbor doesn't sound very bright.
This is a test, now YOU have to give away that gold. Your donor was a cruel benefactor.
The real worst though is when she says, "I love you more" 100% seriously.
i say it when im stressed feeling bitchy when im slacking in the toilet or when i feel constipated
I don't like this gif and that makes me a [NAME] supporter? My argument has not once brought him up. You are an insidious liar.
i feel mad that you grabbed the toy
[NAME] isn’t even a homer at this point. He’s just dumb.
Me too. I have so much shit and I can’t imagine taking any of it into my car and piling it that high. Wtf?
i feel resentful and irritable
[NAME] is bae, how dare you.
Worst deal on the leafs right now easily
Turns out you can polish a turd. The trouble is, it's still just shit.
i must say that the initial splash was not too bad but after a few strokes you could feel the cold getting into your bones
please fire this fuck head im tired of losing games because of our power play
i don t want to feel annoyed resentful or angry at the fact that he s already had the experience of having and raising kids
Fuck right off, it was illegal at the time so the law was being broken. Learn to live with your actions and their consequences you whiny socialists.
i made an appointment with a friend to drink coffee togehter however
> That shit happens all the time with cabs. No. It does not
Wiggs stop that thing you do with your tongue man.
he ignored a question I asked him as well he is not big into responding.
i could walk at a slow pace browse each booth as long as i wanted and dart in and out of the shops on main street without feeling rushed
I hate to say this but I love the drama around this all.... idk. My life is boring
roll a blunt, walk over and strike a conversation.... or mind your fcking business
i know there are days in which you feel distracted
i buy books about people i feel are equally fucked up as i am or books about zen approaches to shitty situations
i wasnt feeling particularly bitter on my birthday in fact i had a fantastic day
my crush began to be annoying when i lost interest in him. it sucks either way
Beak makes no sense. Well beaks make no sense anyway but this one especially
it is very clearly incorrect, and it's apparent that your descent into reactionary politics has made you fully delusional.
Fuck you, tincan. *reads username* Wait ignore the tin can part, fuck *specifically you* in general.
i feel resentful about being a giver
And Meteor Man Edit: Hancock was a superhero movie too even though it was terrible.
Off the top of my head I don't think he lost a game for Queensland in that time either.
Fly, you fool!
Awe! That sucks!
How about as a whole we just hate snow
I wouldnt necessarily call you and addict but you definetly have unhealthy relationship with MDMA.
That's false
This is what happens when untrained people playing at being detectives and judges run into actual detectives and judges.
Yes! What the hell is it with ikea? My husband and I don’t go together anymore.
i was feeling frustrated somewhere between season and season of ccs anime and found the anipike website and that there were fanfictions written about ccs characters
i was feeling grouchy and everything for the past few weeks but yesterday was such a happy day
i feel stressed out i have to learn a lot and i cannot give my blog and looks the time i wish i could
Of course not. Why admit their circle jerk was wrong? They'll only learn the lesson after the lawsuit ends.
i feel overly distracted so tabby and i started again working on the paths and the routes we have here through the woods down to the big creek and around the former second meadow
Yeah there's no reason to believe you staying up as a kid has anything to do with your current insomnia
i have swung between feeling resentful that others need me to feeling ashamed and angry that i am not more with it and able to be a better daughter sister friend citizen
There where over 40000 stabbings in the UK last year, and this guy reckons these “kids” are just acting tough 😬
Can confirm, playing a game of checkers is the one occasion I get to smash my wife
It's about fucking time, hope this is real.
Does nobody notice that this is a doctored photo..?? Like really bad clone stamp.. I mean it could be beautiful but this is not a real photo.
Their numbers seem large because they get so much publicity. But I suspect that even most young people find that ludicrous.
You guys are heartless, smfh.
Ooohhh shit, they did *not* just say men should be decent human beings, they've finally taken it too far! Gather the troops! /s
i just grab something and hit myself just to feel pain damn i know the risks and injuries that might occur i know its dangerous
That wasn’t part of my plan
i end up feeling very rushed and exhausted by the time we sit down to eat and i don t take the time to really think about what i am thankful for much less take time express that to god
> Well maybe I dodged an argument with an idiot From the sounds of it I'm almost positive you did. Have a good one :)
*Ugh..* You are 23 and not married - leave.
If it were [NAME] being negative about Korea, would you be equally happy to see it banished?
Good point. Personhood isn't officially granted until you become property/ a bond of the state.
I'm gonna guess other people in the Texans org don't feel he deserves the credit you're giving him.
I actually like my vagina... I suspect it’s actually my husband that is the problem
As per, they’re being slammed on social media. Their response and justification of it being from seven years ago is contrary and lame.
i feel like my go to emotion is angry
he did alledge collusion on the part of the owners and GMs against the players. this guy colludes.
It's pretty stupid. Yes
STOP GETTING FACTS FROM [NAME] AND THE CORRUPT STATE ..lol
I guess your ex-fiance was different huh? That's really interesting. I've never had a fiance before, personally
Wow, I said he doesn't have any respect, it's not exactly proving my point to show how little you have, but thanks anyways.
Yeah, it’d be weird to have two green arrows running around.
1:30-4:30 it’s completely dead. You sometimes get late lunch orders at 1 or early dinners but that’s it.
And even then... It won't be for long.
i feel a bit frustrated with myself as i know i m not getting out of my dogs in the ring or at training if i m honest at moment due to me but i ll continue to do the remaining shows i ve entered until the end of july as long as we re all enjoying it
I actually don’t mind Sudbury to Nipigon but whole North Ontario sucks overall.
Yep happening to me all the time at my college. Fuck everything
i liked the ending but i did feel like it was a little bit rushed
Wwwhhhhyyyyy do they keep forcing [NAME] down our throats. [NAME]!
i remember feeling so hellip furious with the shooter
whats it like being this stupid?
£20 per child?! That is ridiculous! You can’t buy much of anything for that! I am furious on your behalf!!
The worst thing about this tweet is how many likes and retweets it got
No, this is not polyamory. It's assholery.
i wasn t feeling insulted over its idiocy i felt supremely bored and actually wound up fastforwarding through a few scenes
Reply with "Oh, my bad". Don't make a big fuss out of it. People make mistakes.
Don't read, it just gets worse!
Why did you post my autobiography
You spelled Nazis Propaganda wrong.
[NAME] I HATE those.
..... That would seem like the ultimate way to get rejected and never spoken to again.
Someone off screen threw one back at him I would assume
Just get pissed next time he asks and tell him to fuck off Some people just think they can take advantage of people who help them
i feel less agitated but a bit more sad sometimes
i have this nagging feeling that i fucked everything up on the first try
[NAME] got a serious case of the giggles today.
i stopped feeling mad that the machine stole my money and chose instead to feel grateful that i have clothes to wash in the first place
>It would also open the possibility of selling the [NAME] arms, I guess. That would be a terrible idea.
This team is fucking embarrassing.
no it's not
i hunger for anything i feel ferocious like a tiger
Makes it even weirder that she now hates America
im already feeling less agitated
At first view, I thought it was a beer mug seen from above but immediately saw it's a pancake and now I'm just feeling dipshit.
Theres a BIG difference between being against ones (hateful) political position and between harassing someone for his ethnicity.
How dare you disrespect [NAME].
I could not agree more. Actually, last week I played in my first smash bros tournament! (I lost, obviously)
i feel equally morally outraged regardless of whether its michigans or new yorks governor sleeping with prostitutes behind his wifes and daughters backs
>Rise of Agon Literally the worst fucking game that man kind has ever managed to accomplish and you call him a carebear? Fuck out of here.
Weird I can relate to this but in the same time I can't relate to this
I noticed that too! Lol it's bugging me.
Unfortunately I'm guessing their toxic attitude will alienate them from others, which will only make them more angry and resentful.
That was worse than a movie jump scare. I don't know why but giant squid feel more fearsome than sharks.
If she is an INFJ they can be quite caustic and verbally abusive at times.
I hate to say it but....... I quite like this as a format - the burger and fries look shocking though.
i do love life and i do love to laugh and i enjoy the funny side of things because honestly if i dont look at the funny side of things i would spend the majority of my life feeling pissed off over the stupid things that people do
i feel shafted or greedy
B, I dont frink coffee anyways
You are totally right!!! Complete waste of time
So why did [NAME] leave? They were predictable and mostly tolerable. Three wings is absolutely intolerable. I hate him.
i basically feeling a bit grumpy most of the time coz i was hungry
i have to revise my replies over and over again in my mind just to make sure that the reply sounds appropriate enough and that the person who receive the reply will not feel offended
So you're saying the penalty for DUI is the same as texting and driving? Because that's what I've been saying it isn't true.
The picture in the thumbnail looks like the kids in the maga hat that fucked with the native [NAME]
Are you really that brain dead.....idiot!!!
She was a surrogate. [NAME] fucked the force which created [NAME] in schmee
She already is. The darling that WTA so badly needed with the talent to back
Saw bad guy, arrested same.
That thigh gap not cute at all
i feel i did some thing impolite katanya
i would imagine someone to have achieved much more yet i feel no desire to reach out towards the greedy hands and caretakers and give them my sand from the hourglass of mine
Some bioshock shit right here.
The kids aren’t doing anything stupid here... cause it’s a fake video. I feel like this is in the wrong sub.
K. If you can't see that staffing and turnover are a contributing factor to quality of care then idk what to tell you. Cheers.
Irrational anger especially certain family members
No Brexit is also an option.
!remindme 4 days "Stupid Entitled Parent, sunglasses"
Funny you should mention that since your entire presumption rests on other people interpreting "well regulated militia" in the same incorrect manner you do.
Exactly hate when people try to spit facts when they don’t know if those facts are even right😂😂
This is almost worse than Santa Con. Can we get millenials to destroy this please.
Oh so you're being a troll, good to know.. I actually thought for a second that disgusting, freak couples like y'all actually existed
i just couldnt shake the feeling that he is being left out somehow and i sort of hated that i had done this to him
i feel very disgusted by that i cant tolerated her actions anymore by writing this post
my roommate was rude to me
21 million went to [NAME] throughout his tenure…ridiculous
i feel that way makes me even more angry
i feel resentful of him trying to control what i do but i also don t want to do anything rash
I'm just tired of feeling the same way everyday it's really grinding me down, that sucks about your summer school.
It does infuriate me.
i get this sudden feeling that i am completely annoyed at him
I’m telling ya, we really need to impose a basic hockey knowledge test to post here. I’m sick of the mouth breathers.
And people try to hold that against [NAME] when they should hold that against the Packers organization and Front Office...Their Front Office stopped trying, not [NAME].
Guys. I think OP blew burns in college and wants to feel better about it.
Didn't u just say ur new to this? Why are you speaking?
Incorrect. To cure cancer you need to have a citrus and mint essential oils. Lavender is to calm yourself and help you sleep. /s
I hate Twitter more and more each day....the people on there are so toxic it literally makes me sick. They can't appreciate a good meme.
i really feel i was wronged as a patient
It *feels* unethical?
He’s not a young offensive mind and that offends people.
i feel bitter but i want to rise up
If you want to live the dream, good luck! I won’t change my mind until I get my stolen ETH back from them
Well then why are some people allowed to talk about strip clubs here and others are not?
i do feel that they are greedy and money hungry absolutely
i don t have any issues with the obvious i went chinese with them yesterday and i wasn t feeling hostile towards any of them
i dont hallucinate instead i slowly continue along my little path until i feel needlessly violent and overly happy about it
if they’re available for questioning then you’re a shitty kidnapper. -3/5 stars
ive just spent the last half hour feeling ridiculously angry over insensitive comments from my partner but that all changed a few minutes ago to real pride over how much i have changed
Don’t be clinically depressed, go outside! Be happy! 😊
I will. If you ever need help I ain’t afraid to put some people straight just holla.
NO BOY! NO MORE FREEDOMS TO GO AROUND HERE! Now go back to your room and give me your toy guns immediately
Just throw them into a pool of needles. That'll teach them not to steal ever again.
That was intentional as fuck. I don’t know how anyone could argue that after that insane contortionist layup over [NAME] last week.
Holy shit he hit him hard
i think too much about how i sit how my voice sounds if i ve gotten any food on my mouth and the feeling that i need to make my way around to everyone so as not to be rude
Old Firm game also on the same day. Media won't care about the rugby.
i know its the lot of the dumpee to feel slighted jealous unable to move on depressed angry and a whole bunch of other negative emotions that stem from the whole rejection and sometimes replacement involved in the break up process
Bro. You think roads and infrastructure wouldnt be built if it wasn’t for the government? My sentiment still stands. I pity you.
See the other one has advertising that hides the fucking stupid [NAME] that's the difference!
i was feeling cold and wet most of the time
You're not, because I don't either. But I can still search Twitter. You know what else I found? Your evidence was deleted.
Fuuuuck. I feel this. In my core.
I HATE that song...I did not vote for it. A few of my songs I liked went at around 60-70
No. It doesn't. And a moron on Reddit has no authority to say that it does.
i saw them that anything was wrong they told me some excuses but i am feeling truly insulted and i am feeling desperate again
i feel about this totally and completely pissed angry sad disappointed and absolutely furious at tough mudder the biggest rip off on planet earth
I bet you this will lead to a new Revolution. [NAME] keeps on screwing himself.
This is disgusting.
That dude popped a viagra and got stuck in his neck.
You shouldn't have been leaving anyway, witch. Go write a funding bill. You know... do your job.
They didn't actually run any tests to confirm it was even bone, let alone human.
What, again? This stupid country!
Screw that psycho lady. [NAME] is ridiculously adorable, OP, please give him gentle head pats from me!
Doesn't look intentional though.
at a certain situation i felt myself neglected and undeservedly harmed
Think this was an underrated signing. Dudes such a beast when he’s on, can go multiple innings.
You’re the coward! I was the second man to walk on the moon. NEIL BEFORE ME.
Don’t ever apologize for calling it that. The Beach is a [NAME] movie, not a Toronto neighbourhood.
No one is going to create more competition for themselves
I would be like pay me than or I won’t do anything for you again!
You're lecturing other people and you can't even spell "Dwig***H***t".
You forgot >Having a $1500 debt on LES due to Finance fucking up
What a weird thing to say.
i want to be irreplaceable and until i find the person who makes me feel that way than i think id rather stay single because if im not your number than whats the point i refuse to be just something you settle for maybe im just stubborn but its how i feel so idrc
Idk I’d kind of like [NAME] to come up next year. [NAME] still scares me a little. Not saying I don’t like the guy
i didnt smoke in the house or car but i can remember feeling so agitated on the way home from anywhere
i actually feel insulted when the plot goes off on a tangent like that
omg that's gonna be a hell of a reunion as well
"Talk about vaccines again and your next shot will be from my gun... of crystals bathed in essential oils"
That's awful. I'm sorry that you had that experience, but yeah, mission accomplished, sorta.
If he's still blaming [NAME] for his issues, the therapist is doing a bad job.
Yeah I've been finding it so hard to not eat everything in sight since Christmas. I'm still staying under my TDEE, but I feel nasty.
“The weird thing is she’s got a tattoo of our company on her back...” lmfao
FUCKING READ IDIOT
i feel and bring him and coming against a savage the wax doll in the clouds blown across to tak my own feeling that be the bare feet were they were moving fast as i brought it as i love in a time for he yet i made him
i had the feeling stubborn and ridiculous and possibly several more colourful turns of phrase as the children were all still asleep were on the tip of her tongue but she settled for heaving a sigh and turning to leave
What in the hell are you talking about? I've never said that
i mustered up energy to feel christmassy i remember feeling kind of pissed off at the bad timing of everything
I hate that attitude, as if it's every woman's, purpose, dream, and personal duty to reproduce.
[NAME] damn it [NAME].
Please don't come back.
i need to take my own advice and the advice of many many writers who i admire get the butt in the chair every day even if youre feeling distracted or stressed or whatever
It's not that bad. Not even the employees were cringe worthy. I'm glad that they were all enthused about having fun with the seniors.
It’s like you guys actually **want** a dictator.
love how nobody decides to run over to him and help
Even if you were a woman, your personality is so vile and yuck I would happily do 20 years in prison for murdering you.
i was feeling grumpy not women problems grumpy but five year old i want to get my way kind of grumpy you don t think there s a difference
I can barely remember when it was even possible to find shit that horrible
Yessir. And I live in Dallas. Stop being salty freefreebradshaw.
No, just dont show off your books.
It's racist.
Oh [NAME] why does he have to drag green day into this
Outraged suburban white moms ranting about stupid things that don’t matter and making ridiculous comparisons are peak humor
Right? It was frustrating (and concerning) that he used such bad reasoning when his job is to curb phishing :/
the fuck? I would do it in a heart beat. ya'll nuts if you think [NAME] will draft any better than [NAME]
Women are dangerous as hell too.
Upon reading I find this to be fake news and I'm disgusted to learn she writes for the age
I don't think my town has a market.
This might be the worst FO in Orlando magic history
i am feeling irate
what a ground licker. Day 9799 of being alive - I still hate people.
I'm not white.
But OP said her life is ruined because 'muricans are bad.
i am feeling remarkably grumpy not to mention foolish
i was feeling so spiteful i brought it up and i saw the hurt in his face
I’M NOT ALLOWED TO EAT THE SKIN, DEE! I’M NOT ALLOWEDDDDD!
That isn't entirely fair. We're also for harboring regular ol' right trolls, too.
i know now makes me feel outraged
No, their reaction was just as bad.
i went for the large double double along with a chocolate chip muffin i was feeling dangerous
Man, my USDA loan took months to process even when the govt wasn’t shut down.
Nah halfway in the fight your shots were definitely not registering at all on him.. lol
Fuck. That.
My problem with history in school is we learned about American history every year, which meant we learned a lot of the same stuff over and over.
My dad has an irrational fear of the dark.
You're didn't vote for her you are obviously a racist, sexist, homophobe, you're the worst kinda person.
No, it makes it better.
i feel disgusted with my body
i feel bitter theofilou said of the lack of support to nods of agreement by kastrioti who waited for her turn to board
I actually choose to teach an extra class so I can avoid lunch duty. I hate it.
i feel resentful that i have too
Talking about scary foreign people spreading disease is a classic xenophobic trope. Vile.
If someone has tithed 10% their entire life, fuck off with requests like this.
Because they are idiots.
This isn’t unpopular. Like 1 in 15 people actually think this... go say this shit in another sub
i began to feel agitated because i wanted to buy ewan some food and medicine before i left
You’ll just be throwing them up. Ain’t worth it.
Funny how artificial famines are genocide when the Brits do it, but not when it's the Soviets.
I hate to be that guy, but there are 6’0” + women
If I remember correctly, you can't edit a title. I'm not on the official reddit app though.
Everyone’s freaking out about our OC. Our need for O-line is more substantial imo
Except they fucking awarded it a prize first. It went through vetting, beat the other applicants, won, then was removed as not being correct?
i really shut myself off a lot at the end of my pregnancy when i was feeling even more irritable and anxious so maybe now i need to bounce back from that and get back to normal again
i know it wouldn t have solved anything but i m sure that it would have momentarily made me feel less agitated for sure
I will kill you all
i forgive myself that i have accepted and allowed myself to feel tortured by a headache
I just can’t imagine he is as bad as that...it’s just hard to believe.
i am feeling quite disorganised and distracted and i wish i could answer some of the questions i seem to be unable to block out or forget or answer with logical answers uuuugh
[NAME] these things were terrible. i presume they still are. #teamlemoncreams
Nah, I lied. I don't judge people's kinks and I like that [NAME] always moves me.
Damnit, it was *Flavor-Aid*, not Kool-Aid.
My girlfriend barely tolerates me showering in the morning, she'd be furious if I'd let an alarm ring while I'm away. And rightfully so.
Huh? Mutts are usually healthier than pure-breds. It's the pure-bred dogs that have weird genetic issues.
i really feel irritated with all these
Press fucken charges the moment they use your info.
It seems you've never played HotS.
i feel so pissed off that i can bite off a fucking tree log
Looks sick actually.
I second disagreeing that they are awesome.
You sure its not just the host quitting which disconnects everybody? Happens all the time and its incredibly frustrating.
[NAME] a bastard man
What an idiot.
a thing, and I’ve had my share of Whistle Pig Pie. I hate me
i feel hated but i don t care
How dare they ask me to be a good person! I'll show em!
He’d definitely get dropped at some point and then all hell will break loose
If you're talking about tfue you're insane. He plays scrims for hours, every, single day.
i feel rushed trying to get everything together late at night
i feel rebellious today so i ll leave this as a warning to myself on how radical i can be
You are not alone. We do not sit in this darkness alone, even though other lack of light may make it seem so.
i thought i hope our vanquished england failures are watching this and feeling very envious and determined to do everything to improve and maybe one day do something similar before i die
Finishing peeing and then still feeling like you have to pee.
i like her too much to feel as if im being obnoxious and getting involved into somethign that has nothing to do with me
i am not monitoring what i have to say about anything if you ever come across any of my blogs and feel offended please dont stop by here again
i feel like theres a dangerous chance that im pulling a don quixote on this blinding rushing at the windmill that is my eventual marriage or future child
i feel those feelings coming back all those hateful jealous paranoid feelings that used to torture me relentlessly
I’ve gone through it before, and it sucks. I’m still a little hazy and withdrawn.
[NAME], that fucking sucks.
Each Dark Souls game has been voted "Most Likely to Result in Controller Damage".
No. You have to have killed her due to negligence or the like. Manslaughter is essentially the crime of accidentally killing someone because you did something careless.
I'd punt her to another planet if she said that about my dog. Wtf is wrong with people. 😠
It is a racist nickname because you're literally using the man's race as a means to criticize him.
Not really sweaty palms, but holy hell that's uncomfortable as all hell...
Most [NAME] don’t really know the difference. Its an easy boogeyman.
What an immature response. With a little passive agressive racism to boot. Classy.
Violating the law has never been a prerequisite for being charged with violating the law.
Minus the eyebrows I personally think it’s an attractive look. But the fucking eyebrows ruin it all.
i know that im carrying an obvious prejudice into all of this because of my own feelings about watching them be repeatedly tortured on this topic
What am I supposed to understand from the phrase "1v1 fam, a duel".
It's hard to care about a woman dying from giving birth when you hate women in the first place.
You are oddly defensive about a random chef. Did you come to /r/wewantplates just to insult people and build up this chef? [NAME]
This one tilted concrete square in my neighborhood that I keep fucking tripping over.
[NAME]!
i was feeling a little like a cold was coming on
i began to feel a little cold
Idk if you ask most store managers they will say they started as a cart pusher Probably bullshit but still.....
It wasn't a good idea then... it's been 10 years, why do you still think this was funny?
That's the worst possible outcome
I don't know why he'd take it like that, he was gone for so long so someone was going to do a show like that.
You don't even deserve my attention anymore. Bon voyage sucka
i feel wronged by the world
i stropped about for a bit feeling grumpy because i was missing out
This is an incipient antivaxx community, I don't want to see them lobbying and increasing in numbers like in the USA or Romania
im typing all of these im blowing my nose and feeling extremely cranky
Yup, cats can you think it could get the correct call. The US and holy shit how do you know there are too brittle.
the trajectory of that is really weird! But [NAME], that guys arm, hand, possibly head is not liking the next .01 second!
are you printing labels through ebay/paypal/other online service? You get a discount there. If you're paying retail, stop it.
Why would the landlord pay it if electric isnt included. Sorry to OP, need to cut the heat down
i didnt really want to talk about it with anyone because its kind of selfish and i feel that id rather ignore it than to be selfish about it
Can't believe this game actually released in the state it's in complete joke , should be criminal
Not admitting you like something because some of the fan base sucks is pretty pathetic.
i am feeling a little sarcastic today
Fuck it; just marry everyone
Ok sure that’s a nice unfounded opinion you’ve got there. Unless you’ve been in one in which case wow sorry
Don't judge our love
It's just nonsense. Any truly responsible gun owner respects life more than being tough.
Aaaaaand they turned it off. Terrible roads everywhere.
If you all keep nagging me with this question I will turn this car around and then *no one’s* getting to watch the trailer.
Yea, so you need to leave him. Clearly not great in the "protect your loved ones" situation.
Also the fishing has been terrible for a month now. I am about to take the 5 story jump my friends.
That’s horrible. I’m probably going to donate to them I can’t imagine not missing out on a season because someone stole.
i cant help but feel that if i hadnt had been so selfish then i could have sheltered you from feeling this way now
Oh man. Hardest lesson for me to learn as a new dm was that even with experienced players, combat with 7 PCs is brutally time consuming
Damn [NAME] let himself go
As a person who lives in NYC, I couldn't possibly agree more
This is my biggest pet hate of all time!
Well damn.
That doesn’t help people in market though.
At this point I am questioning your sanity, you compare a guy with 40/34 goal seasons to a kid who literally can't hit the net
[NAME] was such a nasty POS. In his dirty wifebeaters with his malt liquor. “Men have needs...” He disgusts me.
Polyamorous ain’t a sexual orientation hon
i feel irritated to have missed out direct instruction from master lee is never to be passed up casually i have to admit my body just feels like it needs the rest
But milk is beta food! Who wants that girly ass shit from a boob? My child will drink bone broth and the tears of broken women!!
> I’m tired of being realistic and open minded. Me too! Now it is all about being selfish and aloof. Not even kidding.
My shirt is [NAME]. My balloon popper is the DNC. And then [NAME] is the fire under my ass to dive deeper ever day.
I don't.
The phone calls in the first 10 minutes are absolutely damning.
The most hatful crowd is not the lefties. Lefties may be annoying but hate as such is a tool used by the right much more skillfully and forcefully.
Pls shut up
No way! I never would have made that connection lol
Of fucking course it is...
[NAME] is a traitor to this country.
Lindt don’t fuck about
I hate people.
"UGH FEMINISM!!! SURELY THATS THE REASON I CANT GET LAID!!!" see you in hell
i have constantly been panicky and making a big fuss over my learning and exam results often feeling spiteful that i have lost out a mark or two to the top in class
that's not scarcity its desperation and prioritizing looks over everything else
i feel angry at him for being so selfish and giving me absolutely nothing to go on
I’m not crying. Nope, no tears over here!
Fuck with these giveaways.
Arguably they do, otherwise they wouldn't be out protesting for support?
To bad trophy wife doesn't have 4th place.
You fucked up. You trusted them.
im most afraid of i already feel slightly out of place at cru because while most of them will say they are my friend very few of them bothered to reach out and ask how things were going in australia
I don't think he was going to catch that bus if he didn't hit the pole.
i can feel the cold of winter
Unfortunately, on the stupid official Reddit mobile app it doesn’t work. I miss my Android and Reddit Is Fun app
i feel the sting of pain from its teeth but im angered
What can you expect from guys who think everything based on sex and romance is solely based on a person’s looks and not at all their personality?
There is a special place in hell for drivers like you. I pray to [NAME] there is.
Society has once again falsely made men look cold and emotionless. You're normal.
ive reserved the right to feel all stubborn and powerless about it
i feel a little frustrated an ache of longing has settled into my heart the weariness of life his slipped around my shoulders like an unwelcome friend
A lot of things men do *isn't* sexual harassment no matter how you feel about it.
But those other jobs are what allow the engine of US imperialism to keep running, and keep destroying innocent people's lives all around the world.
As someone who works in the oil industry with a lot of big ships, this is badass.
[NAME] is actually a terrible player
i feel envious of ryota and keita going to the same school smiled kota
You're making me look bad [NAME], while she yells and screams.
Same. Ugh
He isn't unique to that. Every defensive metric disagrees 🤔
I’m gonna stand here and watch you smoke every one of those cigarettes! Maybe that’ll teach you a lesson.
i feel annoyed at the fact that i m three weeks out of chemotherapy and i m getting annoying pinching niggles in my back
i start to feel agitated inside
Don't listen to them, we need to call this kind of stuff out.
Now THIS IS shitposting
i closed her eyes in anger and feeling disgusted by this touch
Cop is stupid for upholding the law, I think most people here would beg to differ but wtfdik
Not only do they make me cringe, I become angry because usually or is my nmother and her flying monkey daughter posting them. Just horrible.
What the fuck [NAME]! Are you easy to talk to? 29 years and you didn't see it coming?
You’re hardly qualified to talk.
Uh...no
This is alternative facts level populism. The man is a liar.
Yes, clearly u/backwoodmenace was repeating misinformation intentionally.
Players like this makes me rage quit tbh.
😡this was a scam
I feel stupid for not looking at her bio, but I do have some more pictures
No problem here. Bio hardly ever matches the personality
You [NAME] did not make us look good at all.
That's not what I've heard ;)
I feel like it took for fucking ever actually. Still too fast, but anything would be
i don t a feel like an idiot and b not get illogically mad at people for going to bed too early sorry for the anger family
3:32 excuse me what the fuck.
Because our roster has gotten worse each year since 2017 and the team is spending less. That isn't a recipe for continued success
Isn't the minimum 3 majors or something? I don't think he made the cut but I'd be happy to be proven wrong
DON'T TELL ME HOW TO LIVE MY LIFE.
I hate the way [NAME] kisses people. Like smushing his face in a figure 8 on their lips. Ugh
The most my dad did to help with the housework in 35+ years of their marriage was to lift his legs while mum vacuums around the couch
i made it and enjoyed most of my run but now i m feeling greedy
when i happen to witness some sadistic acts
Of course. Just know that I know that you know you're a liar.
That sucks :( are you guys still in good terms though?
they sounds like autistic meltdowns triggered by an immense fear of vomiting, nothing much to do
It won't matter how you explain it. He's cruel and insensitive and doesn't care about how you feel.
& when you call them on their shit they ban you from their subreddit for "oppressing people"
Thats not what i said but okay schlomo
discovering a good friend had lied to me
i often feel bothered by it by my inability to stop loving people no matter how much time passes or how deeply they wrong me
Exactly, humans are selfish. That was kinda my point, my reasons are superficial and only affect me. Theirs are not.
No. Not the I. :(
You arent going to be making 10 million dollars in your business, this wont affect you.
Colts fan here. [NAME] seems like a nice enough guy but, holy crap, terrible coach. Buyer beware.
Seriously? That’s so frustrating. It was [NAME] time to go, some of these “fans” are disgusting.
i feel tortured because i am not allowed to enjoy food the way my friend can
What is up with the second, slightly differently orange hairline in front of the other from hairline? What the hell is going on there?
Weird, I thought I had a different twitter handle than that
Uh, yeah. That was a dumb question and if you thought it was going somewhere you re dead wrong.
The fuck? Come from nothing, now something doesn't matter?
I think you should be able to, with enough skill and precision but not in a spam swing fight, I agree.
The way colt talks in that weird calm voice is like a psychopath. I hate it. It’s so condescending and creepy.
Nobody likes you
He is so boring ....
[NAME] is a terrible writer, a raging narcissist, and not an actual friend to anyone.
Not that hard, but definitely time consuming, especially to gather a dataset fit for video training.
I think it it would have been even worse if that was the case
Stupid sexy [NAME]
i feel sooo bitchy that i made out with devin
Literally nothing. Every single thing on my body is ugly. I'm not exaggerating or imagining things.
i grappled with was guilt that relatives and friends who usually communicate with me there would feel like i was ignoring them and i felt selfish still posting my burlesque and blog updates there without liking their photos and links
What? The non-vegan burger air particles have clearly infiltrated the once-pure cardboard. It is absolutely NOT vegan >:(
I’m not crying, you are!!! 😢
Hot take: [NAME] sucked after he went away to anger management and he suddenly changed into a moron who was completely incapable of doing anything even remotely correct.
No. That’s an actually pot plant. You have to do some extra work to keep it blooming each year.
There shouldn't be a rule against it. That just makes the target even softer.
i were to create a piece similar to this again i would improve on it by spending more time on the background as i feel i rushed this and it could have been more detailed
No, just a bastard pastry
i feel we are getting into dangerous territory when we simply ignore the parts of the constitution we don t want to follow or create extra constitutional bureaucracies
i see lovers i feel envious i want someone to be there for me
Just hearing that thing's carapace sliding around and it's feet hitting the ground would make me vomit.
To be fair, we’re still missing CP3 and [NAME]. This game has been pretty ugly overall though.
I didn't mean the entire show is shit. I meant that season 4 was a shitshow.
[NAME] in the Lego movie? Get outta here
Nothing like a little bit of whataboutism. We can think they're *both* idiots.
Sew up that cockholster son, no one gives a fuck.
only facts mate - so nothing you would be interested in
HOW DARE ANYBODY CRITICIZE YOUR POST IN THE CONTEXT OF YOUR POST HISTORY! RECOGNIZE HIS PRIVILEGE PEOPLE!!
Well one of our leading candidates is [NAME] so it's not like we're killing it in our search either
I never said prostitution doesn't exist. I said it is off the streets.
Oh damn I'm a clemson student I swore I had a flair on here
Presidents using these robots will loose all legetimacy. They will become dictators. People should invest in good cameras to document the events and share it everywhere.
So..... it looks like dude is willing to break his own neck to help a vegan who is choking.
[NAME] does more than [NAME] so I'll have do disagree about that
That has nothing whatsoever to do with what I was talking about.
Pretty unlikely as those polls are worthless. Also there is no way GOP/Trump would have supported [NAME] over [NAME] if they thought he was the stronger of the two
i feel like being distracted
I just don't like our options in the off season.
Shut yer mouth libtard and get yer MAGA on! /s
It could also be that coupledom is the wrong way to live for OP.
[NAME] supporters don’t see it as offensive.
It’s insane how [NAME] hasn’t been carded yet
need to stop over reacting about *everything*.
This isn't about football, [NAME] is a horrible dude.
i just wish i didnt feel like my roommates hated me half the time
Take my up vote...you owe me a punchline you bastard.
Any differing opinion that exists is heresy.
A cheater is always a cheater in my book.
Different doctors have different opinions on who should and shouldn’t be vaccinated.
Unfortunately I’m not a military man
How dare you make an attempt to be kind!
Yeah because streaming services don’t pay their artists well enough
Whoa I actually remember this. Wait shit does that mean I’m old
No, every movie shouldn't be like that. But a good protagonist is a good protagonist!
^ This. You know the guy's a liability when multiple teams openly admit to taking advantage of his defensive inconsistency at the left.
Super fake news. This wasn't brought up when directly asked about it in previous testimony.
This has been reposted so many times the photo is degrading.
Given that the murder rate is primarily caused by the so-called "war on drugs", I don't see how gun laws would affect it at all.
Wrong. You tried to use a WW2 example and it backfired on you.
i know you feel tortured reading this
Don't use autism as an excuse to be an asshole
My point is we have been shit for the most of the season, today we are just shit in a new formation
i watch my friends going through changes and i feel envious
i usually feel angered by this mad that my body could be betraying me in this way mad that a whole week out of every four is spent wasted
im inclined to believe that im simply too lazy to feel particularly greedy
Thats weak as fuck.
both are bad tho anarchy ftw
I honestly couldn’t care what you think of me random person on the internet.
BALL DONT LIE
Mad stinky.
The tactical alliance between PYD and the US doesn't fit the characterization of intervention. That's also not relevant to what the hashtag is about.
Dragon bender has even more negative value than [NAME] haha. But yeah, they’d need atlesst a 2nd for [NAME] crossover
Imagine being that much of a useless parasite
Reject your humanity voluntarily and put the pure hatred, lack of moral, sociopathy and sadistic altitude inside of your soul with no way to turn back.
[NAME] said it best. Un-fuckin-believable bro
i was feeling grouchy and all
i asked feeling outraged
It definitely doesn't work if you give up.
ive spent years feeling resentful and trying to curb that feeling of resentment
i feel really despised i haven t told them yet but it s really awful feeling so segregated
That’s exactly what I was thinking but doesn’t it sound super cool?!?
Neither are foreign coups set up with the countries chamber of commerce and the head of the army.
Stupid pipe ruined a pretty good debut
yuck no I'm waiting until marriage obvs
Help that damn cat
i was able to feel slightly less obnoxious knowing that other girls were jonesing as hard as i am
i feel like shes just so distracted but when it comes to my year old brother she waits on him hand and foot
Everyone knows a Sith would be called [NAME]. What a terrible fan of the franchise that poser is.
We all saw it, my American friend. Now go and fix your government.
Not a single one of these allegations are of Russian collusion. It's more perjury trap nonsense.
Mark it nsfw just to mess with people. Worst title I have seen all week.
And you know they never grow out of that...I hate people. Myself included.
i feel agitated
It wouldnt. Legalization would drive consumers towards legal vendors.
i am feeling very cranky this christmas
when i saw a man hitting a child of years without any consideration
Oh come on, can you just enjoy the damn picture?
I thought it may be the industry, but based on other people’s answers here, I’m not so sure :/
i feel so hated and useless sometimes i even ask myself why havent i killed myself yet
im back to my un emo mood re reading that post makes me feel like im over reacting over something so petty
why wont i just fucking die
Guys his username is [NAME]. I really don’t think he’s serious.
I hated broccoli until my parents tapped into my obsession with dinosaurs and got me to pretend I was a brontosaurus
I really don’t want the I told you so moment to ever arrive. 😔
No way!? Ugh this just sounds painful
It was the only thing that changed. The weight gain, terrible acne, and moods... it was all nasty.
i really feel bothered about this specific issue because it feels like i just thrown a couple hundred euros against the wall
Box up all his stuff and put it outside the door
i feel impatient yet i am not fully sure what i am searching for
I hope The pelicans trade him and [NAME] if they trade [NAME]. Hate to see them waste away in NO
This has been largely disproven. [NAME] had no problem dropping the bomb and knew it wouldn't change the outcome of the war.
i didnt even have time to feel jealous i was so busy pinning her pictures and writing down a href http nanashi
You admit to discrimination based on your personal criteria. Say no more.
i have found the perfect remedy for anyone feeling stressed or conflicted about the future its the a href http www
Healthier and more disgusting.
Her Twitter checks also clearly a fucking idiot.
Get off my property
[NAME]
Disturbing =/= awful. Its incredibly well done by a professional. I feel like this sub is more for unintentional awfulness, not purposeful shock value/ theatrical makeup.
i feel like they might be engineering hostile situations by which i mean wars and missile testing and dropping spy planes out of the sky and all the rest because overwhelmingly they have y chromosomes and because they are bored
Like women don’t have enough things to be judged on, now everyone is talking about our eyebrows..this is the most ridiculous trend to me.
I hate Twitter
Women don't want their own shit. They want our shit. ---- [NAME]
He said he says it on his own but I don't want him to say it at all. I feel like their bio mom hates me
I started a play about a man with tourettes and no fingers. Critics called it "offensive and pointless".
Didn't mean to offend
We cant say dodgeball these days. It’s forbidden. Like how we call anal sex “Lawyer love” now.
While I understand where you are coming from, this is a tad too aggressive.
I swear if it's the Cowboys and the Patriots in the Super Bowl I'm going to burn something down.
True but also it's not a dilemma ; if they try something like Tiananmen they will likely die. So not very tempting to try to change things.
I mean, he is a terrible president.
i hope my condescending attitude will allow present me to feel offended and as such remember that the amount of sunlight affects plant growth
it is weird, looks like you have awesome internet
Our 2nd unit is as bad as anybody in the NBA
not really. I worked hard to live there, and it was different then. Far cheaper.
I’m sorry, you just sound like one of those people who takes overwatch super seriously and has no life
He s ugly and short. It's pretty clear.
I’m not a detective, but I don’t think it was her.
tbh college has been a hair easier for me than high school. The worst of it is making tuition and trying to register for classes
How dare they not have the foresight to realize he'll become a president we don't like decades later.
i could have checked it down to the back and i feel like i got greedy and took a shot at the endzone and didn t throw the right ball i wanted to throw and then it got picked off
GIVE ME OTHER PEOPLES MONEY!!!!!
The likes of [NAME] utter genius cannot be fathomed by mere mortals
Well, ok then nevermind. I'm surrounded by people I mostly disagree with, but I honestly don't know anyone that I would call outright evil.
i feel they are the last of the tortured fandoms remaining save saints football fans but thats the wrong sport
Ok so how do I put money on this? Because I do not see Mac shelling out the goods to make that happen
2 is washed out, 6 and 10 are too dark. Also imgur showed me a bald naked chimpanzee right after your last picture and I nearly choked.
Really that's not very sad at all
Because you're not making one in any coherent way. As such, I'm done.
i am just feeling grumpy and sore
when i was subjected to a very nasty joke by a group of friends
just awful I'm gonna throw a barbeque to get back at them
i did the yelling the feeling of being extremely mad
I can deal with pupper and doggo in moderation but heckin, hooman, fren all make me irrationally angry.
i feel petty a href http clairee
i wanted to avoid feeling rushed
A lawyer is not going to disclose anything to random users, you guys are delusional
Mug that fool
Fair. Actually fuck the last few songs on Bleach.
yeah violence shouldn't be your goto first option, but the people who pretend words are meaningless sounds are stupid idiots
Suck Fat Women.
i admit i was feeling agitated so when hubby asked me if i want to join them for a drink i agreed
How the hell is that comment "holding the GM accountable"
oh thats nasty!
im a marketer and i couldnt be bothered to investigate further which makes me feel that consumers probably cant be bothered either
It's not so uplifting that it's guaranteed to die in the Senate...
That's not what diffusion is at all smh
Me too. I didn't want to promote anybody here but there are way cheaper alternatives with shipping benefits... If you know what I mean.
Yeah I don’t see any yellow. That’s a solid bright green to me.
i promised myself that i wont enter anymore giveaways because i feel greedy but i couldnt resist this one
Damn hippies.
Damn you, [NAME]. I’m a woman and yours are bigger than mine. It’s not fair!
But still incorrect usage of that subreddit. Shame! Shame!
He was horrible
Tribe member? They aren't native so that's annoying. To me, because I am.
Fact, the sky is orange. And if you think it’s blue, you’re stupid
No you basically throwing him under the bus by posting him here.... fake natty suspicion 100%
The article didn’t use it. OP just did a bad copy paste I think.
Well they do have cheap surgery there lol those lucky bastards
i could follow every twitch of thought and swell of feeling quiver through his tortured expression
If you had to think of a way to survive this how the hell would you. Damn
i am feeling bitchy cross whatever
What an ugly shade [NAME] used to dye his hair. Well, I guess it matches the infamous shirt.
when a boy tried to fool me so he would be ok trying to show me that he is a gook boy
You're not my STBXH hehe. He doesn't type like you.
[NAME]. I’ll keep my teeth thanks. They’re better (and more useful) companions than a weird dude.
No, lots of people in that area do that. Hire someone to do your taxes because it'll be a nightmare and so will your commute
i dont and i feel so god damn selfish for continuing to hurt myself all the time
i was to do the same to them i would have this guilty conscience and i would feel like a heartless bitch
ive realized over the last few months that i generally tend to feel tremendously dissatisfied after having sex with him
> its exactly the opposite of what I do to get a girl in the mood This is super creepy
I must of not fully understood what you meant... damn tired redditing
i hurt their feelings for refusing to listen to their spiteful hurtful sniping at others
Slap her hand if she is trying to force you to do anything! Tell her not to put her hands on you, and enforce it every time.
Dude has come up big in big situations time after time. To doubt his talent and clutch ness is dumb.
i feel is hostile kinship or mounting nausea did you know that back means the binding itself
Wow Toxicity has been done thousands of times, becoming less and less original, try something new. NEXT!
Are you ghosting?
You called yourself a Met fan. THAT is embarrassing. Edit: called themselves a Met fan and didn’t know who [NAME] was AMD disrespected him.
Please don't.
It's the "boyfriend around school haha jk" thing that makes it weird.
im feeling stressed retail therapy is the way
i imagined its what zombies must feel like because each time i would wake up pissed
i feel selfish and spoiled
Once again if you base your worth/purpose on some base primal act, you're pathetic
What The actual fuck
This isn’t a “someone” this is a company.
If it's used as an excuse to fuck the onchain throughput, it is.
This comment is basically 10 words of “I didn’t read the article!! But boom, I’m edgy af”
i feel fucked is available to pre order from a href http churchoffuck
id feel like a heartless bitch if i didnt share these with anybody
Ignorance, Illustrated
What a douche canoe to take advantage of you like that.
Can’t be worse than last week
No.. This dudes a little wack in the head
Bring on the mosquito to destroy those tired legs
No, you won the 23rd.
Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!
Just goes to show how stupid they are
"they can't come through the port" He's obviously never seen The Wire
1) I think my least favorite thing our kid has done would be spit up in my mouth. 2) Vomit is worse than spit up
This makes me unfathomably angry.
i feel a bit dissatisfied with my current network
i feel insulted that he doesnt know me better than that
I'm just salty man. I hate playing Houston. I'm sure it's a nice place to live.
The whole post reeks of troll.
im creature of feelings i evaluate life on my feelings dangerous
I couldn’t imagine putting a brand new car on these roads, let alone a Tesla.
i established a rule with my comp that we don t end planning session at the end of the day until we resolve all conflicts or any feelings of anger or anything that bothered one of us to each other and fix whatever it was
i was feeling frustrated at work wondering if i am living a life with meaning and purpose
[NAME] looking like his fucking controller disconnected
im feeling really agitated for some reason i think its coz im confused
i say his name over and over and feel the change in him the nearly violent desire he reigns in with difficulty as the first waves of orgasmic stupor envelops me
You look like 1 of those ISIS fighters got shot in the head
Honestly, I respect [NAME] for doing what he felt was best for business. [NAME] can go fuck himself.
You do realise that a toilet lid doesn't make the toilet air tight, so the toxic poo ridden air you're so worried about would still escape.
i took it i remember feeling extremely agitated
It's a song reference. The lyrics were awkward so one of my FB friends made a meme
This why we can’t have nice things! I would’ve beat him up for taking with my non-existent mans away 😤
Could be worse, could be funky town
so obnoxious.
No car wraps? This was already upvoted a dozen times... Seriously don't understand the mods, man.
Yeah I didn't like getting clawed from that far away. IF it has that big of a hitbox, it shouldn't be that far reaching
i love my job and know that the surgeries were doing are emergencies i always feel resentful especially when it is am and i was sleeping
im feeling particularly dangerous a chocolate cookie
It's not collapsing
I can hear [NAME] now: "Why don't I have a mic why don't I have a mic FUCK I need a mic"
Except [NAME] is worse
i can think about is how lonely i feel im all grouchy and agitated and esily airritated
Do I wish people with face tattoos wouldn't be judged? Hell yes! But I'm not ignorant or Delusional enough to believe this.
I don't believe you
Because [NAME] was playing awful in the first two sets. Absolutely terrible.
Serious on the vacation time, I haven't seen some government workers doing anything for weeks now!
You don't follow [NAME]. You're a hypocrite following man's interpretation of the word of [NAME]. Youre too stupid to even be embarrassed.
Yes. You fucking troll me every time. Fuck you.
Exactly. Some ammo is already cheaper than that.
That looks disgusting.
i can never fall in love with anyone because my feelings make me too dangerous
I hated doing group work. Unless groups were assigned I always went by myself.
I asked her before I told her. She took it on herself. I say NO all the time when I don't want to hear sadness and pain
i was cleaning up the spilled juice i was thinking about this and even remembered how i had felt at the time and realized that had it been one of my kids who had made this mess i probably wouldnt be calmly cleaning up the mess feeling only a little bit annoyed
"IT'S GET YOUR GAME ON! SAY IT RIGHT!"
Did I say he was a scammer? I said he's disgusting and there's nothing endearing about him at all. Not surprised this subreddit is defending him
What? I don’t just want to sleep with him. I want more idk... I value myself
That’s not cool
just get the paper that say it is real and see how shit it is.
Yeah no, I don't support people being questioned by police for any opinion actually, a sentiment I expect many people on here share.
I dislike [NAME] more and more. Big ego and small feet.
i typically respond when i feel offended
No i know, was pointing it out for humor, not for any sort of accusation
im not sure if all my stuff with andy as in me feeling annoyed at him was just my messed up chemicals
i could ingrain in my mind all my feelings all my experiences reading it so if i hated everything that happened in the next book i could just go back to the first and pretend nothing ever happened past it
i feel there are some who still wants us together and i im being rebellious
Because its the internet and people are bored. Its not kids, its full grown adults and you know it. Unbunch your panties.
Only Ten more minutes of watching [NAME] drop easy ass throws
Do your worst. The tag just describes your views. Could have been much more vicious.
i know you contributed to my success but i am just feeling petty enough today to ignore those contributions
The absolute worst!
Hey now, don’t try to have the guy killed. This is an upstanding sub.
Yep, hell of a listener
Every day it gets harder to tell the difference between a legit mental health issue and someone just using it as an excuse to be an arsehole.
Pretty sure they claimed he resisted arrest. If I remember correctly he was just peacefully sitting on the curb when the cops decided he was resisting.
i don t feel greedy of worldly things so it s not a big deal
Can't say that I do, no.
i know i feel personally offended by this on so many levels
i feel that someone is being rude or has wrongly done something to me i lose it
No, but you wouldn't believe what I'm not tired of seeing...
i feel so violent but im a paper tiger
i feel angered because it makes me feel like somewhat of a liar
Honestly, this would creep me out a bit.
No clip? Screenshot? Picture at all? Sounds fake as hell
Sir, you have been warned. You antagonistic attitude will not be tolerated. Please try harder at being a model citizen. Thank you for your cooperation.
This sounds like the kind of comment my weird uncle would leave on my Facebook post.
True, I am not a fan of [NAME] or anyone really. I did not mean to make so many people mad.
Not to assume things here but why would you gas yourself over [NAME], kid is a fucking monster
i made this i felt some relief from the fear and anxiety but i started feeling pissed again with a whole new set of memories
What was her emergency other than a teen throwing a temper tantrum
It an argument. Don’t really have time for jack-assery. Lot of people want attention from me tonight, not just you.
i am back at home feeling irritable about that since ive been looking forward to the party all week
Doesn't change the fact that they shadowbanned a subreddit. Just because YOU think it's stupid doesn't make that ok.
It would certainly improve some services (like transit) but would piss off enough people of both cities that I can't imagine anyone proposing it.
It doesn’t get better than that
I know right! I was mad and then blamed myself cause he’s scared of thunder and there was a storm while I was gone.
[NAME] is a 6'5" [NAME] that can't rebound or defend.
Don’t do this. Unless you’re a total prick. Communicate like an adult, don’t play games like a child.
Argh. The most stupid and needless abuse of power teachers do. Some particularly stupid ones at least.
We don't do that here
i cant abide the political mess the country is in though i feel equally enraged about the state of uk politics
FUCK OFF THAT"S A PEN
i understand that every memory is something precious and that i should cherish it but at the moment i feel disgusted at how i had become during that time of my life
Man I thought [NAME] was going to be the real deal. I wanted [NAME] gone so bad around that time.
Precisely this. I don't see why this is such a hard concept for some people to grasp.
Was feeling victimized that it was very cold in my apartment. Windows are drafty af!!!!
NL West had 3 teams in the playoffs in 2017 and 2 in 2018......wtf you on about
this study is bull but only cos my waist is just 2 inches larger than my head and im still dumb as hell
Those are some pissed off lookin Nucks
You're not my real mom. I don't have to listen to you. Just because my dad loves you doesn't mean that I have to!
HAS THE WHOLE WORLD GONE CRAZY‽ AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO GIVES A SHIT ABOUT THE RULES‽ MARK IT ZERO!
The dad is like ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY Jokes aside, good on the dad and the 2nd pissed off dude Tryin to make a change :-
I am. But I presume you are gonna tell me I'm wrong because it doesn't line up with your experiences - whatever.
You better go to a church tomorrow and repent..also, tell the Pastor what happened. I am serious.
I first liked [NAME], but disliked her after [NAME].
i feel selfish thinking this way but i feel so lonely at times
BANG motherfucker!
Aghh bacon is actually the worst. The smell of it is soo disgusting you can smell the dirtiness
i feel like i should see it through to the bitter end so thats what im going to do
Such a cute baby, and yet his life begins with stupid parents doing stupid stuffs...
I am an immigrant myself, how ignorant of you.
Children taken below decks by [NAME]. Get out now
Angry old men raise their canes when angry. Raising Cane's is a fast food chicken finger chain.
I'm also a human being but I can't think of any reason why I would physically hurt a woman.
[NAME] is bad & anyone who still supports him should feel bad for it.
The worst thing they risk is having to become a worker.
I mean just let it go and assume things aren’t going to work out. Drop it, so to speak.
Tkachuk - Pageau - Stone is going to be our second line. Absolutely filthy.
This is not a legal issue. Take it up with your school if you don't agree with it.
“I’ll never have a playoff mandate” go fuck yourself [NAME]
Who the hell thinks he isn’t overpaid
Never will happen because of abortion legality. Party/religion over country
People will stop wanting to punch/jail these people when they stop being ignorant, selfish pricks putting newborn babies at risk.
Utah is terrible, I hated driving through there at night
Purposefully hurt people. [NAME]. I don’t understand why anyone cares.
I think you misunderstood me. I wanted to say that it was beyond stupid 😊
It was the worst cinemax porn I've ever seen.
You can't be serious
I'm praying they get a spin-off. Keep this crap off my VPR.
[NAME] is my least favorite out of all of [NAME] love interest (In all live action movies) Bite me.
i have a feeling the dragon will be back again the reason he became what he is now is also to protect the demons from being despised or harmed by humans
Unique in a subreddit dedicated to finding concurring views? xD Oof
No. Not worth both whatsoever with what we need to fill
i hate this
i write what i feel if you get annoyed and sick of this simply close the tab
I wouldn’t expect anything less than those deplorable traitorous trumptards.
[NAME] is amazing how dare you
Ew, this comment needs to die. Adultery is the most cowardly option you could ever pick.
I've come here to chew bubblegum and to kick ass.
Eat my fuck- [NAME]
That was a brutal shift. Honestly he should be playing sheltered minutes. Team needs [NAME] and [NAME] back, give bulk of his minutes to [NAME].
Ok. Believe what you want. Have fun starving to death.
People who WANT a border wall: idiots, racists.
i wonder how genentech feel about a hostile takeover by its global partner
My ex asked me to tell her my steam password..... With more than 6000€ worth of stuff on it. No thanks.
I hope your brother is okay. Don’t listen to this guy, he’s a cunt.
I feel like [NAME] isn't a legend.
[NAME] is nowhere close to the worst linebacker in the league.
Damn, I didn’t see any monkeys when I was there! What a ripoff.
Oh no, not again!
i was in seoul i could help but feel jealous
i know the pain parents feel when an enraged child becomes violent
i thought i wont be affected by how youre thinking feeling but the petty side of you digust me
i mean their puzzle section is about on par with my coffee numb mental faculties right now but still crosswords shouldnt be able to make me feel that dissatisfied
Even weirder way to spell [NAME].
Ok this New England accent not so fun!!
Awful taste hmmmmm
Fuck yea!
i included my feelings but no violent acts were committed against her
You are wrong.
I will have nothing to do with this specter, who selectively appears to individuals and abandons others. No better than a cruel warlord.
Man, I remember when we were utter pish. Those were not happy memories.
"Sigh" I thought you were better than this I thought we were over this but no you just had to do it "Upvotes angrily"
i sometimes feel hated but i am not it is all in my head
I can't even imagine the stupid tattoo I'd have if I got one at 15. Probably like a Red Bull logo or something
i will try not to feel rushed along with others or busy myself with this or that
Nah I didn’t get scammed but my money is sitting in the Dream Market escrow doohickey. Whatever that means! Haha!
Your friend should be disowned by their family
Screw them. We do what we have to do to get our kids to eat.
Mob mentality makes it worse. Four man SWF groups are generally, by far, the most toxic people in the game.
This is horrible
lmao so many dumb fouls from lsu
i feel like a savage when i eat meat but i wouldve eaten my own hand if i couldnt have some of that turkey
Damn who is [NAME] pissed at?
So now disabled people don’t have rights . You get worse .
And they don't give any actual details, just a string of baseless claims. Wonderful.
i am feeling and it allows me to be distracted from my own life and caught up in someone elses even though theyre not real people
Find like-minded people you can have meaningful conversations with. Everything else I consider a waste of my spare time.
Haha and [NAME] is calling the Chicago crew the most triggered bunch. Then proceeds to scream at them like the little triggered bitch he is.
Sports are fucking garbage. Basically just religion but with jerseys and beer in public.
i usually just feel aggravated with the unprofessional attitude of the rest of the cast
i am regularly in a rush and feel irritated and i dont take the time to communicate my needs or my feelings
i was feeling resentful and daydreaming about the various places i could tell him to shove those big girl panties
>lox is optional How dare you put '[NAME]' in your flair! How dare you.. Mods! Mods! Apprehend this impostor!
She was literally the worst manager I’ve ever worked for
That’s not a good thing to do. And taking it into account for sentencing is fine. But she’s still guilty.
Yeah transgenders are stupid.
It’s spam
im feeling a bit greedy
Bringing it up now because you and many like you made this sub a hostile environment for voices of reason. Eat crow.
i go to the church service not youth i feel like im hated and i know im not the only one
AV is a system where if you vote for a loser you can change your mind and 'have another go'. That's the problem.
i can feel she still angry with me
They didn't even spell his actor's name correctly...
i was feeling stressed or run down to support the immune system
We have freeish speech. If you can be prosecuted for something you say then you can't in any way that we have free speech.
i got a feeling that the hateful talk in the work place wore thin and they kept her around only for what they absolutely needed her to cover
Can't speak for that dude, but I'd say hell yeah they're a hate sub.
I could drive my fucking van through there!
i feel many petty people have judged me simply because i may be one
You are a disgrace to the species
I don’t see the MAGA hat kid working to undermine civil liberty. It’s at least understandable to react violently to tyrants.
They’re not just investments. They’re deliberately exploitative and China’s not operating in good faith
Yeah but FGM is basically like cutting off the head of the penis entirely. I'm uncut myself but I get why people do it
i mean i know quite a few causes as to why i feel fucked in my head
And this young man wishes to be an athlete. That sort of strenuous activity would not be possible.
i also feel as though this assumption is rude as soon as they are informed they are married the next question follows do you have kids
I've learned everyone in this video is an idiot
You'll feel better about yourself if you don't act like an asshole to people who care about you.
im feeling really hateful and disgruntled about my job but i sure hope i dont lose it for being late
Getting upset and triggered over a hat is absolutely failed moral character, and a sign of deep immaturity.
i were to stop there no doubt you d leave feeling dissatisfied
exactly how i feel about it too. the guy is just a jerk, and can't be bothered to care unless it benefits him. selfish little prick
I don't even know how to begin explaining something this preposterously self-evident to you, so I'm just not going to.
Nah man. This website smells like toast and makes my left arm hurt.
Ugh I never thought I'd be someone that gets jealous about shoes, which ones did you get?
What a useless answer in this situation
[NAME] a fucking creeper. Doesn't he have some weird ass relationship with that 14 year old girl from Stranger Things?
Troo, troo....worse eban dan eat pizza wif aht a ferk.
yeah but FUCK devil roar. I swear a volcano happens every single time I step on land there
i feel greedy but too idealistic what is it to expect she would want you to talk to me your proported best friend that she might be happy you have me
You are saying toxic people try to be the victim by calling you toxic.
i feel like a bitchy selfish idiot
In all seriousness, stereotyping does suck and I feel for you. But stop being a crazy horse lady and maybe you can change people's minds. Lol
I hate when these crooks say it ain't so cuz it is🇫🇷😤
i need to remember something feel like it and not be distracted simultaneously before it happens
I wouldn’t call Sargent Peppers underrated by any stretch of the word
Whoa this is really creepy
Damn! I hadn’t heard about the eBay stuff.
Females would be pressured the other way obviously
i feel i was appalled to see a misused apostrophe on the bbc and an incorrect spelling on itv last week
i dream of jeannie i could still feel the violent grip of his hands on my shoulders
I genuinely don't think he is. Those features with a friendly smile or a cheeky grin, backed up by a good personality could totally get it.
This’s didn’t hold up too well.
i get the feeling were being tortured
don’t curse mmeEEEE !
I feel like that’s not the best spot for a beach
i call someone i feel like i need to at least talk a few minutes to not be rude
This is infuriating but what’s also infuriating is missing all of our chances and players being constantly in offsides positions
I personally find it very funny how they talk about vaccines not helping against cancer, while there isn't even a vaccine against cancer
Guys it's a dril tweet, false alarm
I wanted to bring to others' awareness here to the site and its absurd name. I've removed the link now above.
I don't think you understand that the average player can't aim like that on console
I have seen some terrible minion stuff, I thought I've seen the worst of the worst. I was wrong...I was horribly wrong.
Came here to see if i was the only one. The whole edit is one gigantic mess.
I've got my sticker peeled off, nasty desperate notes left on the windshield, driver door..
i went back to work feeling agitated and lazy which transformed into this state where i just yelled i dont know
I can't believe you're giving these trolls the time of day but good on ya bud. Epic post.
Why the fuck are you smiling for? Fuck you.
i love them both but I still think you have to be a stupid cunt to think they live happily everafter together in the end.
He mustn't know about Mr. [NAME] and the cause of his untimely death.
Oh boy you’re really going to trigger the “enlightened centrists” with this contemptuous babbling.
Theyre asking for a leak, not a theory
It's called a fullstop in England. My fucking immersion in this meme is ruined.
Omg that was the WORST
My 3 year old is an asshole. His 8 year old sister was also an asshole at 3. It gets better!
Australia... Nooooooooooo!
Stop lying to me
I feel you. I hate needles and i'm a type 1 diabetic
i luckily became really good friends with one. we definitely helped each other process our pain from him... so surreal how well they spin those lies
I hate when MoonWolf1-799 is taken.
im feeling less annoyed with him
No it really is there maybe you suck at google
Sucks even more to be the sons that actually died eh🤔
You're still going after this man, you posted from your alt account, give it up and take the L. It's not emasculating at all.
Omg [NAME] he’s there because you don’t listen. You ass!
i feel like a selfish bitch for feeling this way when countless impoverished people are suffering surely a hundred folds more than i am
Dream market is also down for me in the USA
You have devoted yourself to this guy and he thinks you would be a bad mom. Fuuuuuuuck this guy. You deserve better.
Don't be so stupid. Terrorism is inherently political, religion is just one of the tools used to carry it out.
[NAME] ran out of her way to butt into the conversation with [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] . I can't stand [NAME]
As a contractor this is a huge nono. If it's not on paper it not on your wall either.
you have zero evidence that anything in this story is fabricated. your blind cop hatred just really, really wants you to believe that.
What the fuck is [NAME] doing in the background
i doing something that make you feel bothered
i can t believe all the newborns that i ve photographed with heads full of dark hair but i am feeling just a little envious because my babies are bald and blonde as they come
I wouldn't even call this a CB, she wasn't offered anything and turned it down. Still sad, though.
I regret that I have but one downvote to give.
> i dont want people to have bad lifes. Exactly, but apparently many people not only admit this but gloat about it.
I agree. I watched this one because it was literally the first one I found on TV. It was awful.
I'd say the guy who was going beat [NAME] face in is the worst character on the show.
I'm still insisting he is not her dad...
Shame the 'all in' doesn't apply to managers. He has hired some duff managers over the years.
Walmart is a special kind of hell.
I spent a few months in LA and it freaked me out every time someone zoomed past me.
hell yeah my brother
Doesn’t frustrate me at all. He’s not worth the asking price. Plain and simple.
i feel disgusted with my jealousy and should stop taking example so offensive
Yeah, it’s just a pointless invasive comment when it’s coming from a stranger.
My mom and I do the same exact thing. I hate it.
I'd give them a first, but they have to retain salary. You know they'll just destroy that first round pick too.
:( bastards
Can you stop living with this person? Engaging in it will only make it more toxic
It's not his job to train you.
oh stop IT
Beat my second wife cuz obviously she put the evil eye on my first wife
I don’t. I love humanity. Why are you afraid of democracy?
Stay away from the sub till then ahaha
im feeling so angry because that was just wasted work from her side
Win what exactly? A meaningless game in a very long season to be swept out of the playoffs? No thanks.
Sorry dumbass, the provision is for paid **training days** But nice try
im fancy and it does it in a way without feeling too over the top or snobbish
They've done it before with private law and private militias, dumbass.
i feel like she acts bitchy and complainy to try and fit in but that doesnt make sense because for the most part were not bitchy and complainy
i think about it i find myself still shaking my head in disbelief and feeling truly disgusted
Terfs smell like bigots in general. Sort of a salty smell
Motherfucker!!
LONDON I honestly don't even understand this one
anyone who hasn't seen this, it's unbelievably bad.
This!!!! Just. THISSSS.
i do meet that i do date will continue to be sources of apathy or worse people whom i feel i have wronged or in whose confidence i act in bad faith
And trying to take [NAME] gun away. 😩 Like really people, it's his weapon, find yourself one and stop trying to teach him better
They are dumb 43 / 37 year olds.
I wouldn’t cause I already know my area so well I don’t want other drivers with that knowledge
Good read man, sounds like a crazy time, its the worst vomiting red in front of ramdom people lmfao 😂
Also, they ruined Top Gear but that’s a whole other issue.
This is completely false.
That's the weirdest dream I've heard of, but maybe you just have a high midichlorian count 😂
Never understood the hype with the Beatles. All of their songs to me sound like unfinished demo tracks
I don’t think that can happen here.
i still feel dissatisfied
i feel more disgusted with the woman who s undoubtedly banking off this incident the one who handed the pictures off to political pundits who she has to have known would use them in not nice ways
No she would just get 18 years in jail (raising a kid).
i feel like a distracted robot
i was dwelling on the current state of my life i was unsure about my place in life and what i was going to do with it and i was feeling a bit bitter at god because of it
Definitely not Fox News though! That’s the real stuff, zero lies or bias there!
Obligatory fuck the dodgers
They start as needy creeps and work their way up to being dangerous.
Such a shame. Her butt was pert, cute and perfect in her Vogue days. Yes, I am showing my age.
It only gets worse kiddo. Someone call [NAME] and get this girl an upgrade.
Don't understand the question. Obviously you make up the rules in the middle of the game.
This just makes me angry.
i feel this way i withdraw become irritable
I feel you, names are the worst.
i even mentioned him was to show i want to trust you with my feelings hoping you would not think i was being rude mean coercive or pushy
I don't think there is any correlation between sugar and hyper behavior.
yes, i fucking hate that.
Thanks for saying that, but yeah: you really need to do something about your boy there. He’s not right.
You know better. People will just ignore this and move on to their next talking point.
i feel like everything is just so fucked
Fuck these trendy hipster joints. Give me my shit like normal fucking people.
i feel like im selfish
Don't think you should be nominated for Breakout and Best of the year but whatever.
Fair enough. That is a form of cuckery I cant approve of.
i should feel bothered that she was spying but i wasn t
Man I didn't think our fanbase was this delusional.
that is not a life PRO tip, that is a life ROOKIE tip
they're shite - disgruntled OCSC fan
This team will never win another super bowl with the current coaching staff. That’s my leveled emotional viewpoint
At the time, pregnancy out of wedlock was a stoning for having extra marital sex.
Afro samurai lol, that's pretty interesting never new they actually existed. I'm woman though so that wouldn't work for me
This entire discussion is very unnecessary
Just because you stopped to let me cross doesn't mean the other 3 lanes of cars did.
I hate from the bottom of my heart, when animals behave like this..
i dont think theyre planning beyond "screw over them liberal educators that are ruining our children with their sjw bullshit" themed rants
i guess she didnt feel the need to rescue her son from the vicious man eaters
i sometimes feel resentful that this has come into our lives at this time
Yeah, all the stun cannonballs are horrible.
There was no Israel then dumbass!
I don't like [NAME] this season but she's always been a favorite before. Am I the only one? She has an edge that seems unlikable
No! My furniture is floating!
i feel damn agitated during the speech
i feel so fucked up now i want to shut myself up
I understand why he's confused but [NAME] is the host of the show, he can't just leave
i feel this feeling when i am to fill in a questionnaire or a form
Removed? Damn no respect.
Dirty secret. They retired the decks until they got a doozy.
Well obviously not. Some people have higher tolerances than others. That’s a fact. I don’t know what else to tell you.
i feel really petty and immature but i dont want to cheat on greg or end up breaking up because were fighting over the stupid little things
It creates perverse incentives. Allow underpaid prison labour and suddenly you've an incentive towards exploiting your prison population rather than rehabilitating them.
I’m genuinely upset that people missed the sarcasm because your comment is hilarious
Thats pretty lewd.
Okay thats cool I was asking because I didn’t know y’all better stop downvoting me
[](/ironwillthumbsup) True! Weird, but true!
It was a pretty shit joke that deserves it
i remember feeling annoyed but also wondering if i shouldn t stop and buy something
I'm not saying your analysis is wrong or not based on evidence, just that the data it generates is not useful.
Removed and warned. R1
What you fiend!!!!! But seriously, how do these guys feel about animals fucking then?
i know i am not alone when i say i often feel rushed
i felt a little bit of cramping and the same feelings i had been feeling for weeks so was not bothered by it
That’s about what ours is, but our rush hour traffic is horrible.
You really need to stop hanging out with those people.
i was feeling impatient and took pills
You didn't deserve to win after drafting [NAME] in the 2nd
r/vaxxhappened. Fuck you Jan.
i keep feel irritated
i just feel like being sarcastic and mean and all because history paper is overrrrrrrrrrrr
You have no perspective. Go outside and get some friends.
Yeah, ive had a lot of time to myself to find the words to describe the pain. So youre welcome.
My t levels are normal. Doctor thinks its my low carb diet but I dont buy that
He’s a very annoying person and illogical can’t work with someone like this
This sub is becoming a “Gamers rise up” parody of itself. This is ridiculous.
[NAME] i really hate entitled people. Upvote if you think that EPs are worse than Antivaxxers.
This is dank what the hell
i drove dannika to school i was feeling a little bit rushed and this is what greeted me as i turned the corner
They're not going to read their UserVoice anyways. It's a PR stunt.
Actually whoosh doesn't apply here because the criteria for whooshing is different.
The weird part of our "rivalry" is that some people bought into it.
I still hated the system though. I felt penalized for using anything that wasn't the power beam the entire game.
I agreed with your comment until you told people they shouldn’t be parents for not knowing the difference between deodorant and antiperspirant.
Your title is unnecessarily harsh towards the user. Re-submit with a better title.
Because they don’t want to pay for [NAME]
I saw a youtube video once where someone was a “failed abortion”. They were perfectly normal. I guess the doctor was just an idiot.
Avoid Blount St and Martin Luthur King or risk death. I’m not kidding.
I arbitrarily hate poo-lice Get OUT OF MY POO
I couldn’t agree with you more!
This team isn’t winning the 2019 cup. I’m focused on 2022 and beyond
Do you think he is guilty or innocent, no need to use triple and quadruple negatives here
Eh, I'm not a fan of the grayscale. Looks too Kingsish.
But they still go around the houses, 111 is long as fuck though.
HOLY MOTHER DUCKER
That's not an actual thing you realise? No one is that stupid.
i feel morally outraged and furious more often than i d like
You get closure by blocking her on your phone and all social media. She dumped you. It's over.
That book would be the biggest flop, the characters and plot are really too outrageous to be believable.
I would agree. It's unfortunate and brutal in its content and in the responses in the thread
What the problem? I mean, steak? Good. Doughnuts? Good!! I don’t see an issue.
Oh shit, yeah that's definitely shady.
Some people have thin skin and are unequipped with dealing with backlash.
Goodness, don't say that. But then, if that half is the one that survives I don't want to
That goes both ways, their adrenaline and determination would also be through the fucking roof.
i feel fucked tape last year make sure you get this
i feel impatient with the christian church disciples of christ and its many manifestations over the fact that i haven t yet gotten even the slightest whiff of a call
But don't you see it! How dare she show two inches of skin...
I've never seen so many shit opinions with so many upvotes in the motherland before. Guess that's what happens when it hits r/all.
Ya missed a clue there, Guess it never hit ya!
One of those is not like the others.
i feel i am writing this blog for selfish reasons but i know god can use it for his her purpose
Fuck that its not my money they're giving him. I want a goalie with a .970 sv% dangnabbit.
i start to feel agitated lacking in patience and just down right cranky
Why don't you just move to secular country like North Korea, China or Sweden? Leave theists alone we don't want you.
FUCK YESSSSS CJJJJJJJJ
Don’t think there is a single person that thinks he overreacted there
i still try to force myself to do some even if i m feeling irritable withdrawn and quiet at the time
Damn I never had to wait that long. Then again where I live is a town more than a city so much less busy etc
That looks like total garbage.
Its an unpopular opinion because it kind of makes you sound lika a douchebag and its lowkey homophobic edit:meant to reply to [NAME]
U dumb.
Yeah, clear off. And tell your mates you had a horrible time too.
I hate text speak . Do you really want to dumb down your argument more than you need to?
i was rather calm after writing down how i truly feel so was not as agitated as sonia yixuan and atiqah
It's barely a jumpscare tho, i dont get how this could be startling at all
having unwanted attention paid to me in my place of work harrassment and sexual harrassment by another worker disgusted by his implications
You are the smiley face killer
i feel hated by my parents
Cognitive dissonance. I don't support diagnosis via internet but she needs medical help NOT a medical license.
They’re not pissed off to the point where they’re actually going anywhere else, and that’s just crunching numbers.
i don t try to put my light in where i can i m going to feel fester y and grow bitter and dark
i tend to feel a bit cranky when i ve gone for a few days without making art
You can't be worse than [NAME], your hired!
And wr is not what I want us to focus on anyways. We got plenty of other needs
It's the worst when it's something you are passionate about
damnit i've been enjoying the mutual pisstaking with my Swedish mate
Shootouts aren’t our strong suit. Happy to get out with a point though
No, this was changed years ago. Schools don't lose funding.
i take a long sip and feel the cold sensation of the iced capp
But he has... so it’s not that he can’t but that he shouldn’t.
The US version of The Office isn’t even the best version of The Office, never mind the best comedy ever.
Ugh. That was not information anyone needed...
i always think of you as such a violent band violently feeling violent lyrics musically violent
Bulls medical staff misdiagnosing again, what else is new
i feel rushed i make poor food choices and start to slide back towards bad habits
Unpopular opinion: I'd rather the team signed 26-year-old [NAME] over 30-year-old [NAME] coming off another leg injury.
Well that’s dumb. The question is about this sub.
Did you even venture to scroll through the nearly 2h long video linked in this thread? Not hard to find....seems like you are just avoiding it.
It's fucking laurel you god damn yanny hearing fascists.
I don’t know about the whole state but we do have some shady cab drivers here.
Unfriend this kid in all ways possible. Sucks for both of you, but this could be much worse.
I remember just feeling sick watching this, [NAME] made me cringe hard, I found [NAME] hilarious and ru looked terrible
i feel it s so obnoxious another vocab word
Shut the fuck up, loser.
i am very stubborn but i feel like if i am going to be stubborn it should be in a manner that is going to help me
Who the hell thought he was dead, seriously.
No femshaming, guys.
It was a poor choice of words.
Did you just assume my networth? Fucking pleb, I'll have you in the salt mines shining boots.
That isnt sustainable.
i feel myself getting pissed off at the tiniest things all the time
I *want* to like R&M but people are making it really difficult
It's shameful that he has to preface this post with his bias. Couldn't just leave well enough alone.
How many times has this ‘football fan’ committed these crimes now. Someone should lock him up.
I didn't think it was that bad ><
Find a new doctor. If he isn't willing to treat people because of political affiliation then he's a horrible doctor and an even worse person.
Yeah nuance is in desperate need. The world is complex. Simple answers using simple binary thinking may not give us meaningful political discourse.
When the gov shut down under [NAME] many were calling for his resignation. This is similar, but people already hate [NAME] so obviously people are more angry.
Because men are weak/stupid enough to let them.
That's ignorant as all hell. Tell them to buy their own.
[NAME] damn it
i feel greedy with my thoughts and it is a relief to let them linger
Think you mean this Labour MP
Too bad he endorses seiko, this wouldve been a great ad
i still did not really feel like myself and i kind of hated these pictures but i am soooo glad we took them
Nah, I think it's being as dull as a butter knife.
Well, that sucks
Most underrated subreddit.
i asked that no one gift me but if i go to my sister s house when everyone gathers for the holiday i will feel impolite to show up empty handed
i hate it i am feeling bothered by my boob size
As long as blind luck exists, there is no upper limit on stupidity.
I cannot imagine being so fragile that being able to smile threatens your identity and world view.
Maybe I’m an outlier, but I don’t find that contract to be outrageous for what the player is worth.
i just feel more resentful and tell myself it was better if i did not share with him
im feeling pretty annoyed with the whole thing i decided to share those reasons we rejoice
When the caterer found out [NAME] was going to pay the bill out of his own pocket, perhaps they declined the honour.
he wanted to piss off his neighbor next door that yells at people fir walking in his grass.
Nope. This guy is legitimately this dumb.
This is disgusting.
i feel that spitting on somebody is the most vicious kind of disrespect that you can do he said
i was feeling grouchy and the old man has mentioned that retail therapy is great
i feel bitchy i guess
This is dumb. Why is Detroit Lions infiltrating here.
i was capable of doing the same as of late ive been feeling pretty bitter and depressed and not a lot of gratitude in general
i worked as a computer tech this ability to hyper focus on one issue is a real asset however for living day to day i can get bogged down and feel frustrated that i am not making progress because i am focused on one problem
^ I find both creepy tbh.
i look at your kids i feel jealous sure
Yikes, what a loony bird.
i happened to see the videotape movie this is america part one at my friends place
Even if you don't act on them, you still should stay away. It's not normal to fantasize about doing sexual things to children.
READ A BOOK YOU FUCKING CROOK.
also a harsh NOOOO when disgusted
Get out asap.
You're pointing at me You pointed first I'm signaling that's not pointing Stop pointing at me!
i didnt feel insulted though
How are they assholes?
You've never smelled a woman on her period? It's awful.
Aye the party left me. Now I'm stuck in with this old boys tadger staring me in the face.
I couldn’t believe that. I’ve been mad but never enough to throw my PHONE! GIRL, what is you DOIN’?
Or talk like this. No one describes a super-computer like mind as "intuitive." It doesn't even really make sense
I dare each or any of you fuckasses to try and blame [NAME] for this one
You can’t
I don't think this is bad enough for the police chief to be embarrassed. (He should be, but he won't be)
This isn't a meme its a cry for help
i love the feeling of the cold nipping at my nose while im in warm clothes
No Despacito Remix. No 4K Ultra. No Goals and Highlights. No 360 No-Scope Assists. Are you even excited man?
Maybe they are just horrible people, and because you aren't like them they don't like you.
i feel like i can breath now and not be so rushed
Ugh, [NAME]. Gross.
im exhausted in excruciating pain and feeling extremely hostile
i have seen you fall asleep climbing back into bed before you were even horizontal and now i am awake and my neck is cramped and i am feeling hostile and cheated
A 31 one year old woman hitting on a 21 year man is just as grossm
Almost downvoted you just because that made me so angry.
You can thank the Volkswagen diesel scandal for this...that plate was
i have reason to wonder to be confused to feel angered to say youre selfish to say youre cold
i feel there are a lot of things that i need want must to do but always somehow got distracted got a call from my crol tl and just told her that couldnt join her as per going to the doc
Id be pretty pissed if my prime didn't auto renew
And this is why men are so against #believewoman
Don’t get your hopes up for new armour
Oh fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck RIGHT OFF!!!!!
It's very frustrating. I'm just crossing my fingers that something will help me soon. Thank you. xxoo
liberals are filthy animals
dont let the spirit of rock die motherfucker aroooooo
No I dont think I said that anywhere
i feel agitated and empty and missing something
I know to you Professor, break time is nothing. But to me, it's serious.
i can t help feeling jealous
i feel so bitchy and mean and terrible
Wait, this is an INDUSTRY person? Wtf.
It's irrelevant because that's not how we elect presidents. He won an electoral landslide. He flipped several democrat strongholds. He did just fine.
I don't think the people who agree with this post fully understand how large a legion is.
They want to make gun ownership so expensive and onerous that people won't even bother.
I’m a big Spider-Man fan and this looks terrible compared to Spider-verse and the PS4 game.
Given that you're not a conservative and this isn't a debate sub, how about you just get the hell out and stay out.
This is the worst meme format in the history of meme formats, maybe ever
This is so repulsive and disgusting. The government needs to do more to protect organising.
I KILL YOU SCUM
Interesting. I’m very against the death penalty.
i feel like i cant take it anymore i told my boyfriend and he is furious
i understand and feel for her pain neferet remains my most hated character in the house of night
Not under [NAME]. Under [NAME] desperate greedy extreme partisan coward politics. They purposely brought racism front and center.
im clearly influenced by the dash happiness of emily dickinson for example and i use dashes instead of colons or semi colons to enhance the feelings of rushed enjambment in the sonnet
i dont think that happens a lot so i feel insanely cranky when i couldnt get an ear immediately
I didn’t say you should take my word for it. You’re not discussing this sincerely.
Noooo I missed the blood moon again. Someone post a pic
Agreed. You can't count on him every night. The entire team is frustrating as hell
Nah, I knock on the door from inside, or the wall, or tap the floor, seems easier
Pure unconsitional love can also be dangerous: if the other person turns out to be an abuser you should propably stop loving them
i could feel that the person was pissed at me because that person didnt understand what i was trying to say and so there was further personal attack again asking me whats my nationality giving me that shit face and blah blah
a few monthe ago
No room. Get lost. I cc u!
i am feeling mad at him as he didnt reply got me very worried
Not complain. She could not complain since she made no effort in the beginning.
But also: fuck the daily mail
You’re right, republicans are worse because they have nukes.
Nope. I’m not wrong. Flipper superficially inflate housing prices without substantively contributing to their value.
Because they don't realize that the Act of Union occurred. Either that or people don't like that this guy is being pedantic.
i am thankful for the safety of my loved ones and the loved ones of my friends here i am guilty for feeling so i am selfish and i am deeply saddened that there are people back home who cannot say the same
Idiots gonna idiot.
Hate that scene? Believe it or not, jail.
Who da fuck wears swim trunks to a competition
Damn... METOO
No TV Party for you 👎
Why in the world did you marry her? She's ragging on your own sister???
I’m sorry but I don’t think you do
You could have the sweetest peach in the world, and there is always someone who just doesn't like peaches.
In other words, being a woman but not identifying with your oppression. How special
Mother of [NAME]... Im not grossed out very easily. I can stomach just about anything. But this made my fucking skin crawl....
Virtually no happiness anymore, exhausted with trying, meds not working properly and just tired of it all.
Praise [NAME] your taste is bad /s
i am feeling deeply offended big hurt feelings in fact
Lies, damn lies and statistics.
I was never a fan of it. It should be a regular foul.
i can imagine someone feeling jealous lonely or scared
i start to feel myself become irritated when conversing with him
Banning abortion causes way more harm than good and is evil to be against. Same with requiring suffering people to suffer. you seem evil
Who the hell is that. I only got my account 2 months ago
"PETA approved" I'm out. I hate PETA even more than I hate mlms
ill admit it im bitchy sometimes but i feel as time goes by im getting more bitchy with him than my other relationships that went past the month mark
Oh fuck off. Soooo...... when is [NAME] and the gang going to un mask [NAME] as President [NAME]?
Hurr durr, put well regulated back in the constitution. Ok [NAME] the fucking [NAME].
Danm you can hear that little bastard squeaking.
Holiday getting abused as usual
This is just a stupid question. The answer is who cares? [NAME] is on an entirely different level from [NAME].
i cough alot more and feel somewhat irritable at times
i mean i hate these takes that because we turned the ball over 26 times, the rotations werent a problem. They clearly were
it will be the compilation of 3 games, don't get your expectations that high.
Kindly shut your pie hole.
Her license hasnt been revoked though ;( If purposefully giving people the wrong medecine isnt enough of a reason then idk what.
I don’t think [NAME] knocking us out of the copa would change anything. Our team is incredibly lethargic.
New word for me: tetch·y /ˈteCHē/ adjective bad-tempered and irritable. "she had always been tetchy and impatient with him"
i feel so heartless sometimes because i do not have the ability to mourn for the lost of someone relating to my past grandparents
i feel however that this administration is so dangerous i have no moral choice but to speak
Totally amazing that some peoples' egos can't even handle being honked at.
i have nothing but respect for not only jerry sloan but the utah jazz as a whole i feel wronged that we were forced to stomach this series
Fuck pancreatic cancer. Kills so many and it barely gets any funding because all the money goes to shit like 'breast cancer awareness'.
only suckers believe this don't be a sucker
I dont know, she seems pretty gangster to me.
YOU UNDERESTIMATE MY POWER!!!
i simply dont want to and it makes me so mad because i want to be able to share these things with you but i feel like were so emotionally far apart now and it makes me mad and makes me unable to go to you
im feeling disgusted already but seriously though i dont really like to have my pictures taken cause ive always referred to myself as ugly
i want to scream to yell at everyone who i feel has wronged me but honestly what good will that do
i constantly feel lied to and wronged by them i love these people to death
id never seen before because i had a feeling it would be way too violent for me and guess what i was right great acting impressive directing not a movie i ever want to see again some distractions were welcome
i started to feel dissatisfied by the ease and convenience of it all
Crap, crap, mega crap!
i feel pride that i don t have to buy a roll of quarters from the bodega on the corner and this feeling is the only thing that keeps me from being irate that our laundry room is oddly devoid of coin changer machines
Gonna give up your best friend for a g huh? I'm glad we aren't friends.
i feel really cold and miserable but i try to motivate others who are finding the walk as trying as i am
i feel cranky already
i was more annoyed with the info dump because it made the book too long but i feel i ll miss something if i skipped it which annoyed me more pages
Wait this is what chill looks like? Some girl told me that I look dead amd I flinch at the slightest movement. You really call that chill?
i say that i feel like im being tortured by him
By pushing misleading and false information, your agenda is dividing [NAME].
No, I'm anti racism.
A mix of useful idiots and active grifters. It's a sad sign of our culture that these people make a living this way.
i am not hausa but i feel offended especially as the crazy motorcyclist who is now getting up from the ground like nothing happened bears no resemblance to anyone from the north
It feels weird to me cause im the type of person who always immediately texts back
It's also why someone I know is working on becoming an orthopedic surgeon. It's very grim and morbidly lucrative in the US.
i feel stressed frequently
im just feeling seriously pissed off at myself for doing something fantabulous but utterly stupid
I just saw a snot nosed brat eat a croissant on the subway and got crumbs all over and the snobby rude mom left like nothing happened .
He got all ball. Watch it back. Just because he hits the ground hard doesn’t mean you get a bailout
I don't see how my reply was whataboutism when my point of contention is directly related to the point.
Thanks for being a brave troop, comrade. [NAME] annoys the shit out of me too.
I feel like [NAME] was impossibly bad enough to warrant memes about him. [NAME] is just bad, boring, and too invisible to really hate.
Fuuuuuuuuuck that.
I'm just thinking our government sucks at Civilizations. Should have invaded them decades ago. Lots of water and farm land to use.
i am not even italian but i feel outraged by the stupidity of ppl on this blog
i am still working through the guilt of feeling selfish for self preservation without the justification that i must survive to bring up my babies
i feel offended that youre offended way but in the oh crap there i go offending people again way
>Cannot predict now Guess it's on you now /u/smackspr!
i knew i had reached there after the continuous bumps that made me feel obnoxious due to the devastating condition of the roads
im feeling really annoyed
The rich are horrible, horrible people..... and yet we keep voting GOP to give them more tax breaks, the hell is wrong with us?
PR is more than just "optics". It ain't a new term either.
I have listened to him and that's how I know he's a terrible person and his goal is to turn impressionable people into terrible people like himself.
[NAME]? He's an absolute fool. If we need a coach to destroy our organization from top to bottom, he's the man.
Apparently a 3 year extension for DACA is what's on offer. No pathway to citizenship. That's gonna be a "fuck no" from me, dog.
i feel really bitter
i feel anger torward those who are greedy
im starting to not buy the whole everything happens for a reason bit or god has a plan b c i feel that god is love and theres no way that he would torture me and other women like weve been tortured dealing w fertility issues
You suck at trolling. It's way too obvious.
Goose don’t give a fuck
Arsenal FC the retirement home... No thanks [NAME]
i don t always remember to do this but when i m feeling bitchy and down on the world if i stop and take a moment to breathe and think about everything i m grateful for the joy seeps back
Fuck it, maybe the faceless men worship the great other AND assassinated the fire warlocks in valyria, hwo knows?
Only an idiot would visit places like China or NK. Arbitrary abductions and detentions against foreigners have happened for a long time now.
i am feeling stressed or overwhelmed i have come to rely on those who i have met here mostly from the so club
i feel petty moaning about it but its annoying me so from now on im keeping my stuff in a bag in my room if they ask i can always say im keeping it there to stop the bathroom getting cluttered
It's probably because your posts are extremely dumb and bigoted
I want this feature just so I can get rid of the nasty rugged beige skins people have on their guns
Why everyone mad i think it was a joke .people these days over sensitive my [NAME].
I don’t like it.
It's like muricans don't want to protect their own jobs and are happy to become low-wage dump and burn workers for the owning class.
I'm fucking starving here.
I don't think that makes for a fair deal. That $100 is far more valuable. It's more of a disposable income thing for me.
This is really disgusting, the 4x4 community is one of the nicest around, Shame that a few c*nts gotta do shit like this.
That is an exceedingly rare failure. I read an article about this guy. He was just stupid and stopped there.
It's ironic that those who most strongly embrace TSSC and other churches are so often utterly lacking in any level of true "faith."
I don’t even like [NAME] that much but she completely failed to engage with his work critically. Her interpretations of his arguments were shockingly poor.
Where is that damn SaLt LiCK
I just never felt like a boy. I hate my body and I just feel like I can't express myself for who I am.
He told you that he hates your friends because they don't beat you up? That is so disgusting!
That ruling is such a mess: it gets the *reason* correct, but the Justices were so out of touch that the entire ruling was contradictory to that.
Bloody Peasant!
Serious question, where was this? That looks like my ex in the green top.
im sure that each person has their own complex set of reasons for leaving and chalking it up to one reason or feeling like because they all hated academia is probably a little too simple
Because people that comment on YouTube videos are toxic, filthy heathens.
i know that i still feel kind of agitated but i also switch from feeling hot to feeling cold when i lay down
It’s a substitute teacher. She should know to stay in her lane.
Watching this makes me angry.
People who eat themselves to death are mentally ill in my opinion. Homicide is a deliberate and unlawful killing of a person by another person.
Nah, share it then down vote it in to oblivion.
Poor poor poor bastard
First of all, that's not true in any sense of the terms. Second of all, I'm not a national socialist lmao
This is the worst Hellraiser reboot script I've read this month, and let me tell you, I've read a lot of them.
For me, it's tedious and frustrating enough to do it the first time, but I'm glad you enjoy it
Kraft is the wrong kind of ass though. Even the generic stuff is better than kraft.
[NAME] wasn't accused of sexual assault
Did you have to ask? Just pay the ticket and be done with it.
Same. Even though he’s dad-dicked us 3 years in a row I will always cheer for [NAME].
when people harrass me i feel oppressed by their behavior
i feel only a little agitated right now
i have to admit to feeling pretty envious of the commuters there a south african summer has got to be a tad more reliable than a british one
i feel that disdain from him when i acted as if id been wronged by him
>Teamates lap ruin Omg nothing makes me so angry same as running towards the hook or gen with the killer behind. Run somewhere else!
OF COURSE IT WON FUCKIN PRETENTIOUS ASS FUCKING SLOW POINTLESS MOVIE OH BLACK AND WHITE WOWWWW
I'm flying home to stl tonight. Land at 8pm. Have to get all the way down 44.....fuck.
No one loves you. Cry more.
And you can't really see the bottom part so that's probably small too. Really grosses me out
I started the Kitty City Meowboys and I do those things. I have a mic but I don't use it because talking exhausts me
I post on the the Donald you think I give a fat flying fuck?
Insipid shite so far. We look mid-table.
Show him how hilarious season 1 and 2 of Family Guy is. Then show him how incredibly stupid the rest of the series is.
They’re disgusting people inside and out
i just feel cold said rachel
I watched a video about fake makeup having rat piss in it. No thank you
Yeah it sort of sucks now.
I do hate fortnite dances
These stupid fucking cunts don’t even use “shade” correctly, [NAME] would toss them off the pier.
Here, we [NAME] are open books. Brutal, and often hilarious truth in every word we speak 😂
The worst is when those moments pop up randomly. Especially when you’re feeling happy and then a mistake you did back in 2005 comes creeping up.
What "same thing"? You're not addressing any of my actual argument and have barely been doing so for a while.
You’re not being used but she has no right to tell you what to do with your money.
This person is a god damn idiot
i feel offended if you question my results as unfair saying that i am lazy and all so why
No, there’s a ton of people like you in this thread who don’t seem to understand that head glitching does not equal taking cover.
This comment is complete garbage.
It's so much worse with a child involved. I'm so sorry you have to go through this.
I understand that there are exceptions but saying a knife is as dangerous as, or more dangerous than a gun is a little ridiculous.
i feel like i am i the only one out there who is as angry as i am about suffering such loss about stupid cancer about unfairness about what is even though nothing about it is right
I'm not going out of my way to watch it but I might channel flip
Winnipeg Jets regularly have whiteouts, though I don't believe anyone paints themselves.
Because he's an anti-science fool, like other irrational "environmentalists".
i was feeling frustrated
I find your lack of [NAME] disturbing.
I’d tell her nothing, that freaking weirdo would just never see my kid. The End. Disgusting.
No. No it isn't. Its a bad sitcom joke.
i wanted to get a pumpkin spice latte this morning but it was hot and the last thing i wanted was a hot coffee maybe i am feeling a little bitter
Get a lawyer for starters. Be prepared. Don't sit on your arse and flip flop. Find out what you really want and then do it.
i feel that someone has wronged me in some way its impossible sometimes hard for me to get past it without an apology from the guilty party
Why are you comparing third world countries to a first world one? This speaks volume about the lack of a proper argument.
Im on an SNRI, desvenlafexine, and it has honestly been life changing. I have zero side effects from it, whereas SSRIs made me worse
almost every single time i have a friend from out of state visit, they make a comment about how bumpy our roads are
I think they're all equally bad in their own way.
Yeah that's what I meant but I wrote it stupidly. Did you start with really low weight? Like really low?
Any more comments calling me SWERF for caring about sex workers will be blocked and reported I s2g
i actually like having things clean but i like to have them messy first so i feel rebellious
Fuck ya boys let’s go
You want forgiveness? Stop spamming.
Game day activities would be my guess. Not positive though.
When people who know nothing about MLK besides their middle school education talk about MLK
The visual change is an underrated buff. The few times you could juke a legion as survivor were likely due to his blur that just got lessened.
Go fuck yourself.
I'm not responding until you point me where any of my statements contradict cut and clear
It's wonderful. Reminds us of the need for pragmatism and of course, just how much we've annoyed the [NAME] over the years.
If you’re being contentious, then I have no interest in discussing this. There’s plenty of other threads you can search.
i have a feeling might have offended one of the dorks sitting in the censorship cubicle of doom
Say thos: mom, dad, she's busted. Respect my wishes!
Women wear makeup to threaten other women. It has nothing to do with men. Same w all their weird mutilations.
hi [NAME], toxicity in a multiplayer game is something that should always be expected no matter the game cause people are assholes.
i bet almost each of us though once in their life ever had this kind of feeling called jealous
i ended up with a perfect studio and now when i walk into it i feel aggravated yes it is bizarre
Yeah, people die in civil wars. Stop.acting like the [NAME] are just killing [NAME] while spouting made up numbers
i could understand if a survivor reading this might at first feel offended by my talking about abstract forms of rape
Not necessarily. Simply giving both of them the legal right to choose to *not* be a parent would create equality within the constraints of biology.
You're right and I hate it.
I just worked 6 hrs today and already hate it lol work just sucks. I'm not sure how other people do it.
I don't control the Lib Dems, shockingly.
The snapchat news feed on the stories page is horrendous, its entirely just celebs, porn and hookup culture shit.
Windbreakers, we’re supposed to wear them when it’s cold as apparently a joke to keep us warm 🙃 I hate doing drive ups now
Ugh sucker punch
i take things very personally when i feel wronged even little memories stay with me
Haven’t forgotten, but let’s get his ridiculous defense up to par.
im feeling a bit frustrated with myself tonight
Plus [NAME] has won before. [NAME] is a perennial loser. All he has ever done is played on teams that were the worst in the NHL.
i feel jealous with them why they can
im definately feeling the change but im refusing to feel impatient about it
inject that shit into my veins
No, no, Amazon! Ripping is painful! ‍♀️ Be *gentle* to your abby wabbies. *Gentle*. *pats you* ❤❤☺
Signing a 31yr old injury prone player for 5 years 60mil is pretty stupid. [NAME] would have been similar cost wise and he isn't made of glass
The republicans are the military. You are an idiot.
DONT BE NEEDY. TALK TO OTHER GIRLS.
i already feel like i fucked up though because i dont usually eat at all in the morning
I bet you that’s what will happen, which pisses me off.
Hey, at least its not a fucking sauce post! We really need a new season.
i feel like im so enraged
i hate feeling so despised and detested by someone who i truly care for and completely love
Look we are starving but we still have some honor. We don't need any help from your people. Especially not 50 cents a day
She sucks but you don’t sound much better
Because you didn't realize MEPS was an acronym? Yeah, definitely taking anything you say to heart. Piss off depper.
Not really. My group of friends are awesome in every way possible except they are homophobic
Averaging 12-14 off the bench isn’t nothing
That's awful. If I were a celebrity, I would probably do the same.
i truly feel i am irate
She should be FIRED
Deflections don't help your cause.
Yup those are the two worst tasting out of my cocktail!
Last time i knew stealing posts from other people wasnt a rule
What a stupid stretch lmao.
i feel angered and firey
I have no idea what "[NAME]" is. These billion and one denominations are getting kind of ridiculous.
Your friend is an idiot. You were the embodiment of Be More Kind. [NAME] bless you
Fact: violins don't make music. And if you think they do, you're stupid.
I think that's a reference to how fucking mad watching [NAME] makes people feel. ie shit [NAME] is playing and now I have the furies!
I don't disagree with anything there.
She wasn't fucking running, no matter how hard you insist. You'd make a wonderful Qld cop with that mentality.
Fine as long as the experience is not frustrating. Problem is not balance problem is it’s not fun
Much more badass than the union suit.
Yeah because a country can't multitask. Go pedal your propaganda elsewhere
i have been in contact with people who are feeling extremely irritable and experiencing major headaches remotional outbursts
This shit ain't rocket science GateKeeper
I'm so racist and self important I refuse to braid this girls hair
Don't you fucken do it
i feel the eyes of many turn away disgusted by the self indulgence the audacity of a british woman to admit this point of failure
CHUCK THE WAGONS MAMA IM GOING WEST
No they don't.
im feeling distracted and likewise attracted to all the things that you let me know all the things that you cant let go youre waiting
She must hate her father.
i feel like my chanting voice would just reverberate through the walls and i feel rude
Ok but wouldnt that make me seem like a loser? Idek how to take good selfies or even where. Obviously not the bathroom right?
He must really hate changing dies.
You're an idiot
Anyone else not like optics logo this year. The 2 greens look awful
i was incredibly youthful in my employment in which i had been angry stay when i was feeling i had been offended simply because i wasnt the professional decided on
[NAME] can’t you see, you’re being way too loud for me
No they aren't.
So you ignored the part I was clearly responding to, though, and decided you needed to explain the other thing. That makes sense to you?
I reject that [NAME] can't defend. Now his legs being gone, that might "have legs"
I cannot remember the dude's name, but I used to LOVE to watch him on Poker After Dark.
FUCK LES BRUNS
Play dumb all you want, you know what that has to do with it.
She threatened to hurt you, I would file a police report.
i feel irritable like no other and running will def cure that
i feel about gift cards they re after thoughts and rude
Oh no, her eyebrows
OMG BARF wtf is wrong with people?!
U will hate it shortly
Omg her fake laugh there. I cringe.
That was never in discussion all Miami wanted was to get rid off the whole contract.
i am learning to step back and call it out to not be too proud to admit that yes i am feeling annoyed and yes i should tell you why
i was feeling kind of resentful about it since its april and all
i feel too rushed
The capitalist countries have welfare for those that can cope. The other countries dont.
i try to breathe in when i feel frustrated and breathe out the calm that i desire
What in the fuck was [NAME] doing there
You fool you're using logic on a show that is clearly not bound by any
I would just beat up someone I really hate, my brother.
No no, you don't thank a bot you say good bot Also happy cake day
Especially weird considering [NAME] went to Fresno State and [NAME] went to Long Beach State.
Inland Empire must be objectively the worst film ever then.
Omfg the worst!! want to pull my hair out!!
I don't know what she is talking about. Therefore i will say that she is DEFINITELY WRONG AND SHOULD SHUT UP! /s
i don't love love love it
i feel so selfish but i just want to keep my baby close for awhile and not let the rest of the world in unless i feel like it
i couldnt get to sleep i was feeling quite irritable and restless and every time i was dropping off to sleep a mosquito would land on my face or squeal around my ear
i feel angry man named muaz
No I've been here for 5 years :( it's just gotten worse and worse
i feel like every day is a blur of running being irritated with my son and doing something pertaining to making dinn
i love it he makes me feel so greedy
No you pick a different hero. Aint fkn rocket science.
You're gross
Yeah the question makes no sense without more context.
When you're too stupid to realize they showed off character customization in the trailer...
i feel as though i fucked up so majorly this summer that im cast off into an alternate universe that i went the wrong way on a timeline and im stuck in a world that the same as the one i knew in all but one way
The game is riddled with error messages.
Yep. It's pretty bad having to use work or a paid email and real name on a gaming forum.
im feeling quite cold actually
I trust [NAME] in getting us the people we need, but I don't trust [NAME].
Thats a meme? That feels more like depression
i feel vicious and sleepy
I’m going to say it. Those films are mostly over rated. Boring same old tame CGI stuff every time.
> I really hope QCX addresses that last point. Who knows [NAME] could've fled with the money or something. What the hell dude. lol
Ouch! My hear sank. Don’t do this to me.
i feel like there are people out there on the internet that have issues with my online friends and then expect me to be hateful or mean to them as well
i feel every part of me agitated by the reality of the kingdom walk the talk
no your are disrespectful at least i pay my respects
Not tryna plug or anything but i use InShot to crop my videos and it works fine It just makes me hurt inside seeing a screen record not cropped
i feel like i only get mad if i think someones doing something thats really unjust
This post is actually getting me to unsubscribe from this sub. So good job, I guess. You successfully showed me something I hate. Thanks.
> no one wants to smell like a goat. HA! That's amazing. I love it.
Quit talking about politics.
Don't know why anyone would need more explanation than this video
Not even slightly.
Dear lord this woman is awful
i feel distracted when people think i m overreacted
Got to love all the fake fans that know nothing about hockey!
US labor laws are fucked up
[NAME], what? Why are you even here. Fuck off.
Yeah it is not stupid to get heated. I would've told her off too and tell her she's nuts straight to her face.
when the paramilitary was sent to the unza and it started using tear gas and started intimidating the students without any provocation
He's done nothing to earn trust either. He got ran out of Miami
I guess its the 9th largest city in the country but it it weird to group them together
Downvote me into oblivion but both [NAME] and [NAME] shot around 35%. However one they say he balled out and the other one was struggling.
i feel though its pretty dangerous to to apply one strategy to match
How is this any different from women who claim that all men are awful people? I'm sure you dislike it when women do that.
hate to say it but nobody outside of saskatchewan has heard of [NAME] either
I don't believe they distribute to Austin.
i feel very bitter that i am supposed to be providing this privileged space to someone else and i dont get it
i am afrade for his life as some people feel quite hostile towards him
Hope not. That would be a bad decision.
i can go on not saying anything and feeling petty but it seems that this load is gettin heavy
His last post to T_D was to try and rile people up to get [NAME]
“I hate rich people” - people using website made by rich person on a device made by a rich person.
There is irony in what you guys are saying.
>It's not that I care Every reply now is you crying about being downvoted lol
i can not see friends and for the most part i feel like leaving my bedroom could be dangerous
i always spend more money there than i mean to and feel dissatisfied when i exit the store
I don't even wear a shirt in the day around the house. Way too hot.
Considered going for the 1st time this year, then I see all the ads targeting kids specifically. Feels weird as a 26 year old seeing all this..
your character's so broken!
Keep falling for the kind that aren't even interested in relationships. 🤦🏻‍♀️
The fuck you call me!? A cunt!? Damn man, didn’t know I meant so much to you, right in the feels.
The SNP were, I remember [NAME] stridulating about it at conference, but I don’t think it was a go-er.
But it literally had. Her name on it. Kids are so fucking stupid.
Don't cope
i feel angry because i have led myself to leading people to believe i couldnt do this
hmm... it didnt work for me when i posted it but now it does... weird af
[NAME] was half-blood but it wasn't a smart idea to bring up his father.
getting a low grade on my physics midterm
i got a stitch in my side during the first mile couldnt feel my feet it was so cold etc etc
DEMOCRATSPF ARE LITERALLY HITLER!!!!
“I doubt I’m done writing” Kill me
Heard Sale players yelling at the refs and nothing has come of it, seems odd to suddenly have an issue with it
[NAME] what the hell is going on at hq
i sat with dave atell at first trying not to feel rude while the guys were eating
Ah yes three of my ~~best friends~~ worst enemies
oh god this is the worst
Because this creep wanted to put his hands on the girl.
People are gonna end up hating Deus Ex because of this, and that's just a travesty
Was almost hit by some idiot yesterday that drove straight through a red light and into a crossing.
I hated that smug ass lawyer.
im just feeling pissed
Braindead people blocking lane is pure cancer. But the most horrible part of your story is that you got stuck in checkline line for 10 sore minutes.. Wow.
i found myself feeling so angry
You have to leave the house.
i dun answer him i feel very impolite but if i do answer him he will talks to u i dunno wat to do
[NAME]: I have a plan. Me: You’ve always got a damn plan ̶D̶u̶t̶c̶h̶ [NAME].
That arena announcer is irritating.
It's certainly not one I identify with, but I find it intriguing. Hence my starting this discussion.
[NAME], don't fucking front the pass if your help defender is [NAME] he will not help you
That's an extremely ignorant thing to say
THAT'S NOT HOW THIS GAME WORKS.
because energy drinks are the most fucked up you can get while still being sober
i feel like i get easily distracted in making things and switch around to many different projects throughout a week
Everyone hates guys that talk shit and can't back it up, don't start shit when you suck.
i was feeling irritated and slightly upset after this conversation
i dont give a flaming fart about averages. most people have no taste in comedy.
im being a teenager people and if you feel the need to make sarcastic bitchy comments you can kindly fuck off
Definitely not. It would be so boring to have no chance year after year.
i feel like i have been rather unkind to it
i feel outraged about this type of thing
if it's harassment its a criminal charge. I haven't read the decision yet but this seems like a stretch based on what i know.
I’m so jealous
i truly believe compulsive, chronic cheaters are sociopaths. no empathy, compassion, and they're impulsive and manipulative
This will either be a classic or a complete shitshow
Bore off, you pearl-clutching, centerist coward.
Shut up, don’t block the sanctimony train.
>I think any progressive would be against laws that force anyone to say anything. You thought wrong.
It's amazing how utterly lacking in self-awareness this sub is, that it can upvote this without a hint of irony.
im currently feeling cranky for silly reasons im now going to complain
I disagree. Every starting receiver [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] will have over 1k yards on the season while [NAME] cracks 2k.
i came home one day and discovered that my sister had borrowed my car and had gotten into an accident with it my entire front bumper was destroyed
Back at it with the crazy [RELIGION] conspiracies I see. Did you stop taking your pills?
Wow, pulling her by her hair and throwing her on the ground doesn't exactly say "respect me" in any way.
I think it's the pass rush and that nobody can stay healthy and, but it could be [NAME]. He's not the greatest
Whatever that means.
i feel pretty tortured because i work a job and often the inspiration strikes while im at work
But people already know I'm weird.
Turn in them. Who cares if they’re your cousins. They’re not three years old. They should know better.
our enemy, the state
No, a plot hole means that your story lacks logical consistency
Then getafe should have gotten their first goal. Ref is really bad.
Ooh wrong answer, but you'll have another chance to win 10,000 dollars in the lighting round! Will be right back after these messages.
Way to tongue punch that fart box. 👍
I would be impressed if [NAME] ate 15% of his weight every day I wish I lived in a state where the contest was valid. Stupid NY
i do feel very angered though
Thanks, I hate it. They're out now though.
i feel so impatient when it comes to certain issues
i watched him run by i couldnt help but feel envious
That's such a selfish mentality to have.
i know you do but i m feeling impatient cause i asked you a question in mine and i m waiting for an answer
i could claim to redeem the genre but it didn t leave me feeling as entirely frustrated to the point of beating my head against a wall either
i just feel horribly selfish fraudulent
I ate meat for 21 years of my life, been vegan for 7 now. This doesn't hold water.
Yeah how dare the puck not magnetize to [NAME] stick. Not his fault at all.
You forgot blue passports
[NAME] blew it by putting [NAME] on the WS roster. He was horrible, and he hadn't pitched in weeks.
No they haven’t and that’s probably a lot of the problem
i didn t mean to sound as though i feel offended i meant it as a joke guess people didn t get it haha
Fun ruiner.
I don't even know. Fyi I have this disorder that made me even antisocial day by day...
Fuck I’m hungry now.
I made a post about a month ago saying [NAME] was trash and it got over 100 downvotes
Whaaaaaaat the heck was that?
...says the opioid addicted narcissist with multiple untreated physical and psychological ailments and is completely unable to work with anyone but his own clone.
Literally all I wanted was some sort of evidence and somehow I’m wrong...? You’re too stupid to be real.
You look like a bear.... An ugly cartoon bear
I dont believe shit until america confirms the transfer.
Disagree wholeheartedly. I'm actually amazed anyone can think this way.
Yeah, no
How does that get past the health department? Birds are filthy. Half cooked birds wing is disgusting.
No youre a cunt
I don't generally find the CBO projections very accurate in retrospect. Some of their accounting practices and metrics seem error prone.
i kind of feel like i should be investing in a how to internet for dummies type book but im really not bothered by my status as an internet pariah
My girlfriend's creepy uncle gets extremely triggered when I point this out, or that a lot of conservatives are gigantic fudds.
Can confirm. All my friends in cork always do it while I get stuck waiting.
Hi from a former [NAME]! Enjoy all the snow this weekend, we're barely getting anything in Iowa, which is frankly ridiculous.
> I just don't see how this movie wouldn't get dull after about a half hour. then cut it at 90 min.
How is this cable beneficial to Belgium? Who agreed to this?
Wow I can't wait to use okcupid to get myself a nerd/loser girlfriend who'll eventually become fat
No! Your the dumbass for leaving the keys in the car! Again DUMBASS!!!!!
Not an RFA my dude
There are worse things!!!:
I can't even be mad that you scored a goal with your face.
I can't see a way forward, neither the government or the opposition wants no-deal or to cancel A50.
Allowed to, sure. Just don't expect me to provide you lube. And don't complain to me when you start chafing.
1 5v5 goal in 2 months is not good anyway you spin it. But pleasure being downvoted by you, enjoy believing in WAR
If you eat plants, you are eating animal’s food. That is so cruel!
i feel really angry sometimes because for the love of god havent we been through enough
The lesson is to not take 4 Ambien. That is just stupid.
im not quite sure what it is but its a feeling specially for you and its nothing hostile
i look around at the people around me and i feel almost slightly envious about how they have a way of motivating themselves sitting down and studying so hard
I agree. More stupid ideas by ''the adults in the room''.
That was a bad fastbreak lol
The only thing keeping me warm in this subzero temperature is my fucking hate for [NAME].
So you spectate all the people that kill you? Stop talking bullshit.
Oh look, it's wr2! *proceeds to get fucked*
i also feel like i am being selfish in not being grateful for the life i do have and the amazing things in it
shucci a lil BITCH
i feel frustrated and upset and demotivated when i dont see a whole picture of the curriculum that im studying for example english class
Well if you already bought them why throw them away? Use them up and don't buy anymore.
YEAH, YOU MOTHERFUCKER
i don t just mean that the sensations we experience influence our moods i m not simply pointing out that say discomfort in our bodies makes us feel irritable
Sounds like he dodged a bullet. You’re kinda dumb.
This is worse, Balo looks like a horse
yup, it sounds ridiculous
So edgy. 1/10 Try again. You can put a little more effort into your trolls.
i feel myself getting agitated over something insignificant or feeling bored i m going to remember this quote
I didn't know operation was a failure to be honest lol just knew what it was
That survival rate is skewed. It doesn't include the people who don't seek treatment because they can't afford it
i feel impatient to do a final post after four more weeks with tangible results so far its exciting to see how far the philips reaura can go in terms of firming and smoothing
Nothing. Fuck the environment so people can think they saved a few bucks. People are fucking stupid.
im feeling bitter today my mood has been strange the entire day so i guess its that
And you can amend a tax return. She can’t amend a terrible life choice like that.
I mean. Wtf is there to do online. GTAO had a shit economy but at least had things to do
i wish it had been a little more and this makes me feel greedy and sheepish and lazy for not having worked harder over the last few months
[NAME] might be all those things, but he pissed me off canceling his appearances at Coachella and Gov’s Ball. Very unwavy of him
ive been feeling really spiteful lately so i think ill just sit here and listen to rammstein
i feel i am completely dissatisfied with the whole world and all human characters are inconsistent
i dont know why but lately i feel so dissatisfied
Disgusting. Truly disgusting.
Fuck her. I hate her so much. I wish she’s just vanish back to Indonesia with her mustache.
GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE RUDY
Did you just say suck a fuck?
Ya shitty. But people cheat. I dont know what to tell you 🙃 the world sucks. Just live your life
Well that sucks lmao
I think the flairs get removed if a team hasn't been to a major in a certain amount of time. Don't quote me on that though.
No offense but...she's not pretty either so I'm confused why she'd say that car is only for ugly women.
Ahh going to bother me I remember it. Let me do some research!!
Doesn't matter if hes in this sub, hes sliding into your girl's DMs rn!
As someone who could totally eat three donuts in a row if I let myself, the amount of sugar this woman consumed still struck terror into my heart
i feel lots more energy i feel very impatient and irritable
i stopped looking for a solution to my problem and i stopped feeling like i have to be dissatisfied
I want to clarify that I am NOT scared. I punched the mirror because it looked at me wrong.
Short answer, fuck no, don't ever fall for it. Don't make the same mistake Canada has.
I would smash both
This game is a pain in the ass. There are few things as infuriating as getting dicked by 3s all game. Flashbacks to the 2nd Orlando game.
I dropped him around week 6 and let somebody else deal with that headache
This is the single dumbest defense out there for aim assist. This shit is just retarded.
I thought it was funny lol. The whole situation was dumb and both sides were in the wrong.
Who is your least hated and absolute worst? (Outfit based only)
Greasy bastards are getting part of what they deserve. Some fines just don’t seem to be enough sometimes
i feel like im being taken advantage of and on top of that i am really bothered by my boyfriends sloppy behaviors
You do right, if you don't care then fuck 'em!
Lol the lefties are gonna see their arses over this!
i feel like a heartless and feelingless i know don t have this word daughter teenager
That's the kind of person who'd fuck up making you a plain hamburger. That sack o' shit needs to be sent through a wood chipper.
Shut up, Mag!
[NAME] insulting his fanbase has literally been a hallmark of his persona from the beginning of barstool
i did not care much about the number of viewers and the viewer ratings before but as the drama iris gained huge success i began to feel greedy about being successful
fuck off. let people enjoy what they want to enjoy when it doesn't impact you.
Can confirm. My forehead creases came from doing this for years.
So much fake news.
Quit being a crybaby. If this how you handle any criticism then it's no wonder you're alone and will be for quite some time
Our country is in no way, shape or form ready for the risk of a giant inflation wave.
Is it cruel to give your kids medicine when they don’t know what it is and why, if they need it?
You sick fuck it has heads and arms we can’t eat that.
That damn FDR who America loved so much they had to write an amendment to the Constitution to keep anyone else from being elected that many times
I'm doubting the teeth cleaning.
i think feeling insulted was a good thing maybe if we all felt insulted and made that clear when someone attacks with a racial religious slur even though it is not aimed at you personally those that made the comment might learn something
Recent Russian behavior is unacceptable...no doubt about it.
No thanks, I would prefer to not get infested with malware.
i feel insulted offended and hurt
i know killing myself solves nothing but the hopelessness and sadness is destroying me slowly and i feel like being selfish might be a good choice
what the fuck
Comments like these are the biggest reason I get so pissed off about fucking centrists crying about the "both sides" argument.
I simply would not need a backseat driver to tell me what to do.
Man, these fourth quarters, the Nets are on some [NAME] shit. It just seems mental now
Ask the Magic 8 Ball again later. We can't predict your future.
Not to mention she didn't get her rightful Snatch Game win
i feel that this was their mistake and they are just being rude
WAIT IS THIS FUCKING LOSS!?!
Unless the government steps in and does something stupid
Don't tell me what to do. I'm not going to argue with someone who goes around calling everything bro science.
Fake was the right call either way.
Not everyone agrees that he was actually an amazing strategist or a great general, actually.
Same pigs who bombed a mosque full of kids learning Quran. In Shaa'Allah those terrorists will burn in hell
Hopefully you get a good bashing soon
I went there once and was like “yeah neat I guess” around the same time. Totally forgot about it until I saw the pic of the door
Based on the down votes I can say this is truly an unpopular opinion although it shouldn't be
Oof, somebody doesn’t like anyone to make jokes or enjoy anything. It least we’re not complete pricks, douche.
im not feeling violent im feeling creative with weapons
i can t shake the feeling of being fundamentally dissatisfied with my selection in the democratic primaries
i wont feel resentful or smothered or annoyed
Yah, I'm a bad girl. In fact I'm bad at everything.
simply reply "no." sometimes youve gotta be rude.
This is so crazy pessimistic. A generic [NAME] will win with plenty of room to spare, the problem is that "generic" candidates don't exist
Misandry is not part of our feminism here. Don’t make such comments again.
100%. Do NOT order from there. I have the same story. Don’t post that place on reddit anymore. They’re a scam
I frequently have issues with these large temperature swing but it has to due with allergy pollen activation.
I can't believe you would call me that and act like nothing happened. Honestly, what's wrong with you
What the hell kind of useless annoying bot is this? Beep boop off to hell bot
i feel that the out of people that i encounter in the day that are rude and mean to me for no reason at all
For her? Nah
Leave wet puddles everywhere!
i feel like i am being obnoxious by posting every three seconds
Our federal budget is $4 trillion. Until entitlements are reformed the arguments over what things cost is irrelevant.
i feel i really wronged commodore
I didn't think I could love [NAME] any more. Is there a central repository for all of these battles
I. AM. AWARE. That doesn't make it cool and good for him to race bait.
Oy! NOW THAT'S REALLY PISSED IT OFF!!
*insert [NAME] talnkig about how they will love you but they will hate you, but it's [NAME] instead of [NAME].*
Struggling to get the basics with a $1,000 phone. Y’all need a reality check
And then there was the on who grabbed mom’s breast and tried shoving ot onto the ba y’s mouth.
that this ridiculous comparison is this detailed and explicit makes me think the whole beating-a-little-girl-thing is part of his disgusting sexual fantasies.
Scared? A little bit. It's more of a simmering disgust at this point for myself.
This article was written so poorly that it's hard to take seriously. It's like a stream of consciousness with very little to actually say
Looks like a plate to me. A stupid plate. But a plate nonetheless.
new genders about to drop doesn’t strike me as a bad joke tbh.
i feel so happily rebellious
Bro. We’ve been cursed since way before that.
I hated him too, just keep watching. Every character has their own personal journey which is such an admirable aspect of this show.
Not guarantee. Only increased risk with time.
The Tommy Gun as a crate weapon! Just the worst feeling.
i feel like a stubborn year old
thank you for taking the time to answer, im freaking out big time
No that's communism not socialism. There's a difference between them.
No. There's a fair amount of nudity, violence and foul language.
i think this is a valid complaint for those who arent willing to deal with it this aspect i imagine will be rather subjective but it makes sure that the cover based moments still feel dangerous despite being in cover
i am exceedingly lucky and i don t work this hard because i feel some sense of frustrated obligation that is resented
$11 an hour doesn't leave a lot of room to be a hero.
i feel irritable or depressed during the course of the day i just stop and think am i too hungry angry lonely or tired
you're misinformed
This is a weird thing to be concerned about.
Society sucks. I don't even consider myself a part of society.
im so damn tired and i feel a little grouchy
Can you fucking not
To be fair, expecting sex twice a day, every day is a little ridiculous.
i feel that in order to prevent a lot of this company violent manager should have to have some sort of formal training as well as mental evaluation
[NAME] - same fucking problem, slightly better command of the English language.
Minor league team names are often embarrassing...Biscuits, Rumble Ponies, Sand Gnats. Baby Cakes is particularly awful though, I’ll grant you that.
MRW someone asks me what that new annoying app that's always advertising on Youtube is.
So, the cops raided my favorite massage parlor today.
i feel someone has been wronged when i feel i have been wronged or when i get riled up against an action i find offensive i unsheathe my sword and good lord you better look out
I literally, like, hate people like that.
The percentages Apple wants for membership have made many companies pull their apps. Seeking must feel it's not worth paying Apple.
i was left with my integrity and my dignity intact but feeling pissed off
i finally fell asleep feeling angry useless and still full of anxiety
i feel im just so greedy that all i care about is myself
Where did I say that happened? Lmao most of my friends are single for the record. Quit jumping to conclusions.
i don t feel like i have a cold i just feel sick
No credit?? This is the brilliant youtube channel You Suck At Cooking
Bitch ass n*** [NAME] rooting for [NAME]
Y'all taking this way too seriously...the point is they're both fierce.
i also feel angry and mad and bitter because we nor anyone should have to do it
It's not a fair question.
i think all acts of unkindness are a result of some form of selfishness because being unkind requires a lack of concern for the another person and some distorted feeling of gain by being unkind
i feel the market is in a somewhat dangerous position for traders who end up on the wrong side right now
Excuse me who the hell is that?
Are your boys really doing the hand clap meme? Holy crap is this cringey.
i feel like i am kinda being bitchy to alot of people but whatever
i wouldn’t want to fight me neither
You quack!
Saying "don't come into this subreddit just to start arguments about politics" isn't intolerance.
It's pretty stupid honestly. [NAME] clearly pointed a bug and people are saying "oh, it's a feature". ...seriously now.
i was feeling irritable and grumpy today so i came home for lunch took a nap
i kept crying or feeling cranky
Can't even put on dress pants now without turning back and checking for my parents.
Riding your bicycle down Powell is *a stupid fucking idea*.
I'm not sure what you are implying, but it seems very rude.
Oh heck oh frick
i still feel so irritable every day
i feel offended used and disgusted
You didn't need to split this into two posts...
This is why the option isn't "be accurate" but "be as accurate as you can"
i had a feeling you were being sarcastic but ivspirit a href http translatethis
i talk about in this essay is that people feel differently about poetry when they re angry or sad
These honestly are getting infuriating. The creator of this made this whole thing up yet Facebook old people take it as reality.
Dude wtf that was definitely off Brooklyn
Yup, it was a complete waste of time.
[NAME], they deserve each other, but I don’t want this to happen because they would inevitably procreate and make stupid “boring” kids.
Like a turd in a big toilet
He has the maturity of a 2 year old and you are right...ugly in his soul.
At least he was polite - "please" fuck off!
It was fucking in!!
im supposed to be excited about my tattoo today but instead all im feeling is pissed off
i had a quarrel with my father
Now THAT is a murder by words!
I wonder why the fuck out of this alive. well, there was a perfectly reasonable explanation.
if he ended up with that chef, damn that will break my heart for sure.
>+. I’m in my early 3 Exactly This. It's the worst.
Utter nonsense from yourself.
u fucked up
(apparenlty) a lawyer sending incriminating text message to a paralegal. this has to be really bad lawyer...
Drugs are a hell of a drug...
Thats harassment brotha. Do you double dare me
Crafty little bastards.
Not this sub’s fault the ((([NAME]))) is full of idiots
If I’m ever like that, suffocate me with a pillow.
[NAME], they've turned into jerks.
dude people here can be assholes. there’s nothing wrong with taking a break.
Lmao what's the difference neither one is refrigerated. People are fucking stupid
i feel very agitated and sort of lost
It’s a smart move but also hurts the business and possibly false. It’s rude.
Omg lmao. Coming from [NAME] too is super embarrassing. I can't really say I feel bad for [NAME] though, he did it to himself.
I was thinking that as well after I posted. Some nasty stuff settles on ceiling tiles.
i feel so pissed and i feel like sleeping s
i feel so pissed about myself
Being bullied is what taught me I wasn't wanted anywhere.
Downvoted before I realized what sub I was on
31/M/I don’t know, I’m blind.
Such a nasty woman
ive just watched the above video for the first time and feel a bit bitchy for doing so but here are some of my thoughts on her outfits
It’s getting so annoying
How can anyone like Tottenham? Like for real. They are the worst team you could imagine in every department.
i guess only my wife can really know for sure but i feel at least a little bit less selfish since being married
its even worse because the starter kit is like $70 too right? So in reality she probably made closer to $30
Tbh I don’t hate either sport I just find them both silly. Especially soccer when Players fall intentionally to pretend to be hurt
So many inaccuracies here.....
i just feel like no one cares and no one can be bothered to make the effort and meet up
i am feeling impatient in so many ways but i am equally aware that it is important to learn all i can while im in this season
That's not fickle. That's insane and delusional. It's not some cute little quirk. It's a disconnect with reality.
i wonder if this is just my bias from the fact that im doing a bible themed anthology and i feel like my intelligence is being insulted
YOU DON'T GET TO JUDGE ME!
i feel jealous whenever it is in a relationship because i dont get to talk to it anymore
Why the fuck would you go for pizza, subs or pork rolls in texas?
Get [NAME] back on the wing. Looks awful in this position
i dontknow why but i never feel this way with anyone else i really cant be without linus i love him which i never thought i could ever love anyone after went through few fucked up relationship
This is not helpful to OP who is going through some unbelievable trauma.
Yes that was abuse.
fuck the caps!
If you are as ugly as you say you are, you're already a statistical outlier.
She didn't believe that [NAME] left a Bomb. To [NAME] it could all be a trick to get her to come back.
I hate when people Beijing a gun. Even worse when they Shanghai one.
Don't do #4 it's bullshit
Now you’re reddit staking me? Don’t comment on my stuff dude.. gtfoh
i cant help but feel a bi jealous of their professional organization good support system and comfortable living situation
Haven’t seen that movie either, haha.
Lol no.
That's bad
Sex is gross and gross things are immoral to conservatives unless they are doing them.
i feel so grouchy and irritable when im sick
i feel bitchy today its as if today i realized that i couldnt count on any of my friends anymore
Terrible... children are innocent and precious. This is so barbaric.
Better to spend the weekend in jail than get convicted of something you didn't do.
180 is not good for checking enzyme deficiency which is what I am referring too.
[NAME] dude I see [NAME] so rarely that I forget that he's the OG "Fuck this character fuck this stupid game" king.
If I told you, that would defeat the purpose of censoring. Let's just say it's clearly libellous.
It's bad enough when the Jocasta syndrome is one-sided. This is a pile of yikes.
I have [NAME] hat so I could marry it, flip it and kill it
Just horrible. Doesnt solve any of his problem and removes his strongest tool.
id been struggling with feeling highly irritable toward my husband
i have the right to feel jealous naman to think na theres no us to begin with
Your not winning their hearts, your just torturing them and they end up hating you.
i also love seeing a star emerge and i feel like in a few years everyone is gonna know and i can be one of those people who says obnoxious things like bah
It's not Russian land either. Your argument is still complete nonsense.
RDR singleplayer, not whatever the fuck that online is
Replace smug with thug and you'll see how racist you are
im just not feeling it at all id much rather stay in singapore and spend time with my friends i hate everyone and sara is being really bitchy right now div style clearboth padding bottom
It’s crazy how invisible, worthless internet points control us
i feel generally dissatisfied and lost
i feel like i m going to break at any second and become as mad and deranged a la helena bonham carter in sweeney todd
i feel resentful ungrateful negative fearful i feel i navigate through my days as a dead weight that just floats around doing things but i am not engaged
No it wouldn't you dumbass
Very very very naive.
Yeah what do they expect? maybe they should realize if you push Gen [NAME] and under into poverty they won't be able to afford your crap.
Lol the fact that actual fans can't afford tickets is why there are let's go heat chants at this game
i feel like it but i cant i cant give in i am just to stubborn and i must win
Of course not.
I will donate money to the "Buy a striker fund" [NAME] up top is beyond frustrating.
You know, I didn’t have an anxiety attack all day. Thanks for ensuring it happened.
It's not even the ads. It's the complete lack of anything worth watching between the ads.
Can this guy just land himself in jail already so we don't have to hear about him anymore
Looks very dry
Man this sucks. Hope you’re enjoying life in a big house with lambs!
i feel like popping them in the face with my fist because they re obnoxious
Its not just kids being kids, stop being so naive
Everything. Everything is wrong with being hypocritical.
Your market sucks
It's a really bad attempt to get attention and make people mad, that everyone in this thread has decided to indulge.
i feel more and more dissatisfied with each passing weekend
Yeah no...I would find it very demeaning
I just have never found that area very attractive. Also from what I understand there is a lot of contaminated burial sites around there.
i feel angry because instead of asking how am i with my problem he accusing me and i am mad because it finally confirm what kind of person he is
Oh god dammit I've been bamboozled, I fell for the b8
Ok well I hate to break it to you but I'm a magical pink unicorn...posting something on the internet does not make it true
It's like an instinct for idiots to downvote without even reading a comment first if they sense the word vegan in it haha
RNG gear is a solid no from me.
get your ass to mars!
nah. YOU will get it when you're about 20 years older.
What game do you think that is ? Because that'd be Tetris or Minecraft my dude, not your teenage greasy neckbeard crap. Sorry.
That's awful. But I am proud of you for calling him out.
Injury history alone makes him super unattractive.
I’m not signing that 😂 dude can hopefully stay banned
It could be, but I hope it's abandoned. I haven't been too impressed with the flash forwards.
"No" is the complete sentence I will use for this exercise.
i couldnt help feeling a little envious of what treats the body power people might have in store for them demonstrations of super strength perfect specimens glistening with accentuating oil exercise gear to be seen in
Haha yea few cars drive worse than a Versa. Aside from performance, what are some must haves/wants?
It's more like "Get tinder or any of the apps and get rejected hundreds of times a day"
This guy fucking gets it.
Yeah but they actully had/have shit to be mad about. Their board is incapable.
There is an actual subreddit for cheating. It's disgusting.
My anger, up 50%.
I think peach is hotter but not her attitude ha
Not anymore it seems.
CENTRISTS ONLY LEFTISTS GO AWAY also stop downvoting we don't want a circlejerk.
Damn that sucks dude! Personally I’d fill the soil with barbed wire so when they stick their hands in they’d get nice and cut up
i wonder how it feels to have angered and disappointed millions of people in one morning
No. Arizona would be more useless than Italy. Let them win their own battles first before they help us fight ours.
sorry I dont understand, I dont keep up with celebrity gossip, was [NAME] involved in something [NAME] related?
Yeah this whole thread is gross. Calling a little kid trashy or misogynistic or sexualized for liking to play dress up is just creepy and weird.
im feeling rather impatient with these rainbows bursting in my veins
Well, I probably would have been against the Cespedes signing if we had to sign him for 7 years. But that goes more for a pitcher.
i feel frustrated when i have new music and new lyrics that clearly have nothing to do with each other
i hate talking about presents because i feel greedy
i feel almost angry that i have been fed like a lab rat for so many years
i stand by that he is actually annoying giggle i also acknowledge that i have been feeling very dissatisfied
i am going to clean the slate by unilaterally forgiving those i feel have wronged me or someone i love intentionally or through carelessness so that i thereby in time can forget the perceived insults and abuses
What the fuck who likes cold
Adjust your W4. Everyone has to pay taxes, so save it with the "I have to send a check to the government!" BS.
i get the feeling that the relationship would be more sarcastic than sweet or sure
Maybe you just don't like women that much...
I mean, yeah, I'd complain a little. But then I'd eat the crap outta that.
i do feel slighted when some people use their piece of the cyber world to be rude towards me
Yasssss. I loathed Harry Potter. Book? Movie? Toy? Board game? Costume?
im feeling stressed overworked and running on fumes
I don’t have to stop speaking fact simply because it’s uncomfortable for you to hear.
Without even talking about diabetes, you really must be an asshole to celebrate overeating and call it "progress"
The general rule is that [NAME] is talking rubbish whenever he opens his mouth.
Crisis centers are not only for battered women they are for abused women as well. From the looks of it, they are all abusing you.
There's those people that compliment me all the time and you can tell it's so forced and fake and I honestly dont know what to say
Because I suck at lying and they will have to find out about him eventually
It says new, but I feel like they should call it 'used.'
Fuck calm down [NAME]
Fuck me daddy
Well, its been hours and I was correct. The OPs comment was totally 100% incorrect. Have a great day, thanks for playing. LMAO!
Holy fuck that stop, good shit [NAME]
Second, you accuse everyone who didn't ignore you of being a Russian propaganda poster
YOU SUFFER ON YOUTUBE WITH THE REST OF US.....or you buy their CDs and rip em onto the computer <3
"You people"? I think [NAME] is a moron but I think the [NAME] hysteria is equally if not more so moronic.
I just have a controller on my desk that I turn on when I fly. I've always hated mouse flying.
I don’t think we want some sort of incest plot arising here
i loathe it as a gamer said molyneux adding that it just makes me feel insulted
It's not a shaving cream ad, it's razor blade ad, you dunce!
I hate to break it to you but [NAME] ARENT signing here
Why would we sign [NAME] when we already have a full time shortstop and third baseman?
ive been feelin cranky about my blog im feeling its still a bit childish for me already i dont know if its the blog itself the address or something else
i feel like a total bitchy person today yay
My friend can't kiss her husband if he's had gluten and not washed his face.
i know i shouldn t feel offended but i do
i feel violent and crazy and i feel myself slowly losing patience
You smug fuck
I CAN DOWNLOAD ADS BUT NOT THE THING ITSELF FFS
i determined to have a read of the backdrop and that old feeling it s been a while since i ve bothered to examine adventure path material almost immediately began to emerge what i would call the take away phenomenon
That's awful. I'm glad [NAME] doing better, but he might have serious trust issues for life.
Nope. Glad we came out with the W
Stupid Sexy [NAME]
Lol that's so far from the truth.
The ruling class doesn't care. Their only goal is to plunder and loot the country for their own financial gain.
i come home from work too often feeling irritable and it s not fair or loving to dump all that ugliness onto my husband
I'm not having any thoughts that are safe for me to publicly type.
Spoken like proud slaughter-bound crotch fruit!
If the doctor has given the ok, give some ibuprofen for teething pain FFS!
Wouldn't have it any other way. Fuck my DNA. Fuck nucleotides.
“Start caring about Reddit downvotes” has to be the weirdest life advice I’ve received in years.
No fuck that guy. I'm actually relived he was shot. Sounds like a sack of human garbage
just fed up of reading subjective opinions be paraded as fact that he was the worse ever.
I almost pissed myself waiting so long in the tunnel. Not a fun feeling
This is going to be a disaster
Well shit, time to talk to the wife. It appears she has two husbands.
But really though, it really contextualizes how bad this coaching search has been that the Rams' QB coach is the only guy we can be optimistic about
you can't damage anything other than on foot players right now, no turrets, no vehicles, no objectives, it has been bugged since the december update
[NAME] looks miserable in those photos.
All I'm seeing here is that you commited a brutal murder.
well there is something you cant say on this sub consider this strike 1
I never believe draft rumors of who teams are looking at or wanting, especially if its fan rumors.
i was feeling rebellious so i ate it
Honestly, no. But even vague references would do more to help decide if it's a fresh take on something.
Sometimes people that are around each other a lot just get to be friends. Sometimes people ignore that their friends are actually terrible people.
I met up with a woman who was 49. She reminded me of being old. That isn't attractive. Youth makes you feel alive.
Not what this sub is for and this doesn't make you look like a good person but ok
i did this especially feels strongly at the moment with gina who just died but had as fucked up as a family as you could ever imagine and wrote me letters during my misgivings and insecure times about how my love was enough
i feel that you couldnt be bothered anymore
[NAME] nerds thinking they are cool by assigning some bullshit fantasy words to error messages...theater mode is probably just acting up
i'm not that into shower sex tho. like it's fun sometimes, but it takes me so long to get off when i'm wet.
I don’t understand why this is a problem? Each of you just plate up your own food and then eat together.
He can’t be like that in that business but it already sounds too late. No wonder his staff quit on him.
That sucks. Learn to check your ping like everyone else.
i feel really greedy saying that
i cant help but feel someones going to end up pissed at me
I'm just an idiot on the internet. I don't know a doggam thing.
Wow you’re pathetic for calling out someone who did something right
No I mean those long winded nonsensical blabbering. Like the one with 300 confirmed kills, gorilla warfare. It is usually just to troll or annoy.
i feel petty and mean unemotional when im with her
i has for this other woman she feels greedy and wants kairi all for herself
i always feel rushed on the way to visit no comments
i feel so enraged that i want to punch him but i don t because he s only years old
[NAME] feel bad for ye no one can take a joke
How the fuck do you moan tho
The emoji at the end just made me want to slap her
This seems like an excessive amount of work that I don't think (maybe I just don't know any better?) adds any value.
This person should be outed to the world. What a reckless pos
i just go into these modes where i want to write then feel disgusted and do not what to write at all
i was a bit more bouncier than usual i didnt feel as grouchy about everything as normal
You're analogies are terrible and prove the opposite of what you were arguing, numb skull 😂
i am also feeling a bit bitchy about the way things are when we have conversations and others are around
i prayed for love for the people that i was feeling bitter towards and that they would find what was best for them
This shit had me howling, which I can't say happens too often. Didn't expect to see comedic gold in that sub.
it's funny how conservatives always say that leftists get angry over everything when conservatives get angry over a starbucks cup or a brown man existing
Or the long con. My Dad guilted me into taking care of my Grandmother for her.
i had no idea i was giving off this vibe but i feel like this is a pretty dangerous vibe to be giving off all willy nilly
As if they're going to go through that much effort... they wont even walk up the stairs to get to the box
[NAME] is in no way comparable to [NAME]. [NAME] is an imbecile.
There is nothing more disgusting than those who put children in danger unless it is the people who allow them to do more harm.
Like who? The one guy stranded in desert already hating his life...
i didnt feel angry i didnt feel bitter i felt
i think maybe about how strongly she feels about him and being there for him but brad looks really distracted
Low effort bait, not even creative or funny.
Well I will get to your disagreements. However you maybe the last FIFO worker that exists in Alberta, however, don't take it for granted.
i feel petty things but not to the extent that humans seem to feel them wars have been started over stupid little things and try as i might i cannot understand how things such as loving two people or feeling jealous can lead to murder and unhappiness
i have been walking around feeling pissed off at the world lately
I am not running around talking about how I am going to beat up my kids teachers. Not sure where you got tough guy from that...
[NAME] and I play with people with 400 plus spm and still play noobs please stop the excuses if you’re getting wrecked you just suck
i feel the need to be distracted
i dont have a god to turn to doesnt mean i dont feel offended by that
Why do you think many feminists are angry?
Fuck daesh *
This comment has been removed for breaking rule #8.
11 years goddamit I’m old
No Mayo No Care.
Let me remind you that I'm 5'6" and I still think all that thinking is ridiculous.
An ugly fuk
Glad I wasn’t the only who noticed. Annoyed me slightly.
Overhead fans are absolute shit. They literally do nothing but blow dust around.
Don't just distance yourself, BLOCK them
i seriously considered pulling the offer and i was feeling that we rushed into it all too quickly
The finest example of an egotistical, ignorant and racist piece of trash. Humans like this disgust me.
i feel the need to emphasize these things at the moment because of how grumpy i have been this last week
Very, but I also never really liked home to begin with so it's been more of a relief.
I can’t imagine choosing McD’s over Banh Mi, that’s just a complete lack of respect for your taste buds.
Who the fuck leaves a hot iron on the couch
This is so infuriating.
Oh yeah lots of elitists who think they’re a damn gemologist but know nothing 😂
“How dare you use your breasts for their biological function instead of my enjoyment!”
So wrong. Most every denomination believes they are the only ones who are doing it right and everyone else is going to rot in hell.
Yeah, I don’t like my friend’s opinion either
i am feeling resentful because i am thinking to myself that she should trust me
Bitch subscribed to 1st look at [NAME] shitposts.
Oh [NAME] how awful
Noooo. I seriously did not know that. Yes, mind blown.
And if you ever make a fat cop joke on reddit then you're the worst criminal of all!
i feel agitated and the result is not pleasant the opposite of calm and peaceful
Trying to read that made me feel like I just huffed formaldehyde amd mercury
I would absolutely claim it and yell that my Auntie was looking for it.
i feel like normally i would be angry because thats what i actually think that i could never be beautiful at my size
You're a mean person.
Water is not a human rights. That's absurd.
No it’s not, I can give you multiple examples of cops getting physically assaulted and not even using their guns. Stop lying.
im feeling a bit cranky today
i know some people may cringe but when i feel something in me i have to say it and if you wanna get mad well get mad
i have loved not feeling rushed here
He doesn't really fit, he is more of a mid range shooter. Plus we already have to many players at power forward who are better.
In the worst of the anger phase I took up running. It’s hard to stay in that state while your legs are burning that much.
Doing nothing is the most tiring thing there is.
What. The. Fuck.
Leave the guy alone he’s making sidewalk angels
Seems like every season she is less hot. Too bad
“WTF, He helped me? ...I’ll eat him last :)”
If [NAME] loses I’ll break my phone, [NAME] is fighting like wilder what the fuck is this comeback
To make money from money is disgusting and is screwing up the economy.
so abused...
i do feel angry
only take your shoes off if there is carpet. and carpet is nasty.
biological gender isn't real. it's biological sex. do some research
nothing I dont owe anyone any explanation.
I think some idiotic members are extremist, but for the most part they just hate mass unchecked immigration.
i feel irritated and helpless
She's so remarkably stupid.
It’s ugly. Bye bye and good riddance.
oh yes! i did not know pizza could possibly ever be disgusting until i moved to florida.
I dont own a gun. I just dont like your attitude. You read like a drugged out washed up leach.
i may not be completely sure on a lot of things but i am a very opinionated person and when i have opinions on something i feel very strongly about them and i can be very stubborn when it comes to them especially when it comes to politics
Same. You run a progressive or I will not vote
ITT: People saying "I'm doing to get downvoted for this" and then not getting downvoted.
It is really boring. There is a culture in church, but it is essentially soulless and is really only weirdness with a heaping of superiority complex.
Goddamnit [NAME] back at it again...
Hell yea brother, Charlotsvile car attacker did nothing wrong Lets see how quick they scream hate speech
Both parents were drunk. Where were the small children? You helped her cheat and possibly contribute to child neglect. Awesome.
i feel so cold here
It’s counterfeit. Just morally wrong.
Someone who evidently doesn’t really know much about football or doesn’t do a simple google search before posting.
i feel all rushed to get ready for tomorrow
i have noticed my own increasing frustration with what i feel to be petty artificially created drama
Use a damn rubber
I thought the army would be like the top image. "Then why the fuck did you sign up as a [NAME] OP"
Because this is a poorly run franchise. This is a bad team.
Imagine thinking this comment was ok to post. Shame on you.
...silly walks
i feel selfish but i think it s about time i was
It won't be. Just a rumor.
5 days?!? But I'm mad now!
Just because she was watching, doesn’t mean she was into it.
thats just an unpopular opinion, and legally wrong.
i feel stressed i tend to scrapbook and make cards
Damn, 14 year olds in 2019 are bigger shits than I was when I was 14.
She's a moron for running out in traffic. Deserved all she got.
i hate when im refered to that game guitar hero i mean its cool but i got the name kinda before lol and now i feel bitchy so stay the fuck outta my way
BUT I STILL HAD ALL THEEEEEESE
If I’d know about his kin shit I would have never been friends with him in the first place
i love this projector it is old it has an old smell to it not displeasing just old and slightly musty it is from the early s i feel like i am in my own little episode of mad men when we set it up to watch something on it
She doesn’t want me to pay. She also doesn’t want me to have any input.
yes but this is a crazy person. That's like telling Two-Face he doesn't have to flip a coin before committing a crime lol.
i aint pissed angry mad or anything i just feel pretty much fuckin insulted
Damn, chairs can communicate with eachother now? What a time to be alive!
i am feeling irritable cranky often
Show me where jokes about (real) murdered children was acceptable in the past.
i feel rebellious because i don t particularly like watching romcoms but i get the feeling that i may be pretty good at writing them
I mean, it was season two level of “what the fuck are you doing writers?!”
[NAME] I wish you *were* silent
This post is inappropriate for this subreddit.
i think of how many years i spent feeling furious at my dramatic perspective of the world and my extremely sensitive nature
i feel frustrated that its not easier other days i remember that the blessing of research learning trial and error hard won success and patience will give me a far better garden in the long run
No, stop! He'll stop cranking the job machine if you insult him again!
i did feel a little lighter in spirit now that i knew that neither he nor warrick despised me for my incredible naivety and stupidity
In the comments he accuses the account of being fake and she proves her identity with photos and a link to her instagram. This guy is astoundingly pathetic.
That should usually be the giveaway—though they now wear these ridiculous waist-high tights to hide the fact they don’t have workout bodies either.
i say no or in da club if they come to damce with me i walk away
She should not defend herself? Stop blaming both sides.
The state of Washington is not in charge of the draft.
i could even think about it i said uh well most days i feel like im being tortured i want to pull all my hair out and scream so i guess not
Honest to [NAME] make it stop, it's old news at this point omg.
I don’t think there is mouse and keyboard support yet
That is so sad. So your sisters got to ruin their bodies and forego a career? Yikes.
Stop crying.
i feel jealous becasue i wanted that kind of love the true connection between two souls and i wanted that
ive been feeling kind of distracted and that is obviously not conducive for working philosophy problems out
i will probably just be lazy and lounge around the house and possibly go down to the pool depends how im feeling and what i can be bothered to do its my last day off before i go back to work so yeah
But not to the folks screwing him at the gas department.
i didn t even feel cranky about it
It's disturbing that this tweet got so many likes. Like, this is why twitter has a cancerous reputation.
ive been feeling disgusted and ashamed
my good woman, I'm not sure that you handled it poorly
he defended [NAME] when [NAME] drugged and butt raped a 13 year old girl
Well [NAME], you got the wrong guy. I never downvoted you. I hope your day gets better.
This is racist
You're 105 years out of date. Please update your beliefs to the current version of the Constitution.
i feel like i am getting fucked
That was truly disgusting
I have no confidence to boost
Fuck Up would be more appropriate. Fuckin marketing wankers.
Again nothing, you are the one obsessing over that term, he literally says he puts girls on a pedestal.
Hey now I masturbate in my own filth and I don't take kindly to being compared to these people.
Artificial bacon is always so bad. I think its just smoke flavor.
i also hate feeling aggravated when i dont know how i am supposed to eat because when i feel that way i often sound that way
Damn it. Don't mention [NAME]. Just makes me sad thinking what could have been.
that was a horrible call
Seen as Child abuse in some places. Not illegal but judges hate it. No matter the sex.
these [NAME] impersonators are getting terrible
i was beginning to feel fear nevertheless a stubborn person i am i swept the superstition away but i reminded myself to pay extra caution
Liberals have become the very thing they accuse everyone else of. Being intolerant and racist.
i am feeling very pissed now
You're pushing me to adopting irrational and nonsensical beliefs! dogs are cats now!
I would pay money for [NAME] to not be my nurse. She will probably "accudentally" squeeze my nuts. Crazy bitch.
Growing up there were people in our church who hated the Smurfs because they were magic using communists.
Cant talk about the a***a
Fake The monkey was a paid actor!
I don't care anymore.
That's a very long winded way to say 'i disagree'
Great fucking game for [NAME]. And I can't believe some people are trying to hate on him for one TOV in the 4th. This fan base smh
Wow what a fucking autist. Probably more effort into this shit than all people that hate on GS combined.
i feel hated by jim martin s
i got inside it was so warm compared to the outside temp that my survivor man skills kicked in and i stripped down to my base layers to avoid feeling cold when i got back outside
unrealistic, the little fuck didn't taunt post-kill
Not pretty right now
The way that was worded I can't tell if your super calm or about to flip a chair
Can someone summarise it here? I can’t get past the paywall.
The jackets that we have so many people wore so they’re musty as hell
> She fucked my bumper up and I will forever hate her And her insurance didn't repair it because???
This is profoundly unsettling to me for some reason. Thanks, I hate it
70 year old me doesn't give a fuck just piss or get off the pot!
i have been feeling agitated about lately
First of all how DARE you plague this country with your USELESSNESS you degenerate smh
Yeah, that teacher was a disaster. She got fired a year later for just being an all around idiot.
I have a headache from watching that
Fuck no i wanna kill the living shit out of [NAME]
Women can't do wrong you fucking mansplainer
i feel resentful that it hurts so much but i m also grateful she said for what i can do including disco swimming and even taking the stairs
[NAME] had some pretty harsh words.
Disinfected or sanitized maybe. No way an entire exam table is sterilized.
It's the top comment. How weird.
His 2 point shooting has been bad this season atleast he is still staying aggressive
Because it's a rejection of oneself, rather than acceptance. It's an expression of insecurity. It's not healthy.
Oh [NAME] no. Let kinkaid eat it. Don't throw this kid in there. He isn't ready for the AHL yet
She's just going to suck you back in.
i feel that i can answer in a completely un sarcastic way
i feel like i should care that im a bit heartless not to
i finish typing this post i realise i m ok no longer do i feel annoyed angry or even sad
No offense, but your parents are assholes.
i also feel it can be rude to see your family doctor out and about and approach them together with your ailments
So just for the record, I’m with you on the football end: Love the Broncs, hate the Pats. 🏈
It doesn't look like it.
If you think he's working 2400 times harder than an average minimum wage worker then there's something severely wrong with your world view.
No man. Door wins!
Its to bad he doesn’t give Tomlin this treatment.
I mean, okay...I don't support those so-called "religious liberty" laws, soo...there's that.
It’s crazy that people know this and yet rake [NAME] over the coals for not wanting to talk to [NAME].
That sounds frustrating!
I keep getting my posts removed and banned from that sub. 😒
Feeling the hatred towards that person I get. Actually running them off the road and holding them at gunpoint? No way. No way to justify that.
I am annoyed by autoplay they added on hover - and commercials would make me drop the subscription instantly.
Not with me, no. I’m a true social butterfly
Yeah I don't think [NAME] even had to move his hands for that one. [NAME] and [NAME] also destroyed the precision QB challenge too.
I don't think that option in ranked would be a good idea.
Oh fuck off already.
R/T DIDN'T WANT IT!!!!
i am so happy but yet i feel enraged
i feel almost outraged that such a crap day should fall on my most favourite of days
I think you may just be an asshole/moron bud... sorry.
That’s sick!
im feeling a little grumpy today with the lame weather tease we got over the weekend
i do feel like less of a person when i constantly hear family members use hateful language every time anything even remotely related to homosexuality comes up
groceries are getting crazy expensive
[NAME] has filled a speech bubble with savage roasts, froze it, and bashed [NAME] over the head with it. [NAME] has fucking died.
I'm gonna say that I hate Randazzo's because of their terrible icing. Haydel's is decent and ships.
i kinda feel like being rebellious a libertine you know
That sounds awful. Glad its from 4Chan, so I know its fake.
No I thought that movie was really bad. I could relate to requiem for a dream.
Translation: "I have no argument so here's a rude comment".
This is probabaly going to be an unpopular opinion but I definitely think all police cars should be clearly marked, unless they're part of an undercover operation.
No. That is creepy and weird. If you don’t trust her .... move on.
i still feel that way because im stubborn like that but those people who were spazzing out are the ones with dates now
I’m from Ocean County and I don’t enjoy admitting you’re right.
.... That literally made my stomach clench. I can't believe they are charged for the samples... Just eww.
you almost blew my fucking mind there.
To bad your mother didn’t swallow your dumbass
Even on steroids of all kinds in high doses there is no way that this is done in 16 weeks
Because the content creators don't deserve to be paid, your seconds spent listening to ads are too valuable!
...and show some respect to her parents!
not really. but those people that go out of their way to say stuff like "have a blessed day" or whatever kinda creep me out.
i feel offended by that statement
i found working out of detroit specialized in christian literature lol im feeling a little grouchy tonight
Because I have no self-control and I hate myself.
That's even worse honestly
Science damn you!
The children are still being abused, neglected and treated like rubbish. White Australian policy has been horrific and continues to be horrific.
What a REPOST! STOP REPOSTING THINGS PEOPLE LITERALLY JUST POSTED.
You know more liberals want more gun control than regular [NAME] do, right?
i feel its rude to take someone s photo but rather that i feel awkward asking to take the photo
15 is too old to play playing fortnite smh
Me too, I'm shitting myself.
He posts on The_Donald, you're arguing with a brick wall
i have my own mind and i feel like my mind is dangerous to my life
[NAME] fuckin sucks
i could of course go on with it feeling resentful of him with him being blissfully unaware of anything being wrong
Hate them. I really don't need to hear about you pissing your pants in the first grade.
I think this title is biased. It groups all media improperly.
That's some bitchy whore
> But my god, that fucking face. Never mind her, what about him further down.
Society started going downhill at exactly the point where I became negatively affected by social change.
i am not surprised that some people may be feeling outraged at the terrible environmental consequences of the logging and the dam and after seeing how their leaders have betrayed them are now turning to higher authorities divine help as a last resort
I both love and hate everything about this
House Freedom Caucus strikes again. Thank god we took back the House and don’t have to deal with them paralyzing government again.
i feel so cranky right now
I should say to you that it's ok but at the cancer thing my mind changed Asshole, also get help
Stop giving panhandlers money. They dont need it.
LPT for controversial thing use bing. They dont filter as muchas google.
i feel hated i feel like i dont belong and more and more i feel that i want to die
[NAME] was selfish as hell. Stop with the revisionist history bs
i feel like people think im just being selfish with my gender if that makes sense
Seriously! Such an odd way to ask a question about traveling.
The Right: "Why won't the left let us rape, abuse and brainwash children without putting their liberal noses where they don't belong."
Well I get annoyed when they dont, because I'm always the one to answer within 30 seconds.
I can't wait to find out why this is inaccurate and I should hate the person who made this post and shower them with downvotes.
Holy shit. I remember sleeping on the back window "ledge" in my parents' car! I haven't thought about that in years.
Ah, alright. Solid lists, but I disagree with appointing a sitting [NAME] with only 2 years under his/her belt.
Who will rid me of these meddlesome Golden Knights?
Damn these refs actually fucking hate us.
Is your PC beefy? It looks like Battlefield god damn
Jurassic world fallen kingdom was awful after they left the island
That might’ve been the worst pass he’s ever thrown. Yikes
What the fuck I thought it was normal to pee before taking a shower and like not pee in the shower Especially if it’s a shared shower ew
I don’t believe there’s a hell or heaven.
The lack of teabags is the only emergency here. You thwarted an attack on your child.
That guy is being intentionally obtuse. Down vote trolls are a waste of everyone's time.
These disgusting old hags are literally old school flesh-consuming ghouls. Like [NAME] or [NAME].
Really rude move to do that in the rest room though.
i feel i am a heartless cold bitch
i feel rebellious and think let them do so
Literally right after I sent it. What the hell
Seeing the past doesn't mean being in the past
im feeling really annoyed today
i hate that it's over an interstate bridge so people traveling from the west from other states have to look at it edit* because it's fucking corny
i feel stressed a minute workout gives me an instant boost of energy and helps me refocus
I used to hate them too, but since vikendi I’ve gotten pretty used to them
Exactly. Stop talking and let the adults speak u/MeatheadVernacular.
that is not true. I often shoot the rifle round the blast 2 shots from the double barrel. Unless it got changed recently.
i feel wronged by certain people and my instinct was to get angry at them and stop speaking to them but two wrongs dont make a right i think
Good job that you don't, then.
I hate these cakes so much.
Someone tell me why they are out passing us they taking the game to us when we should be controlling the tempo of the ball to keep the lead.
i tend to come away feeling insulted by books that deny them
i did not feel like i was on the edge and it got to a point where i wasn t bothered about who wins and to hell with it whether this fight will even end
ngl his total thievery of the lwymmd lyrics was highkey annoying to me but the song is actually pretty damn good lol
Kids, if you're on a dating site that advertises itself as "dating site for millionaires" you're gonna have a bad time
i did not feel dangerous enough to get in
More like trash ass link. Wtf is “Apple Music”, probably some shitty limewire ripoff.
Worst episode of the entire show
I don't bother diagnosing it in people with BPD. The handful of genuine DIDs that I was referring to were people who didn't have BPD.
I like Chick-Fil-A but I don't go because of their political stances against gay/trans people.
Ahhh, the old "if you don't vote the way I do, you're a big dumb idiot" gambit.
i often find my self feeling offended myself when i hear people who i believe to be otherwise brilliant people following what i consider odd superstitions and strange rituals
Burn it!
I'm appalled that your roommate straight up destroyed perfectly good leftovers that way
i feel so selfish wanting him home his help getting the girls to bed
That is not the typical sexual dynamic in western cultures. That's a crazy asshole.
Can’t argue with that.
Problem is, it is Bantam and younger. I can teach breakouts easy enough and I don't need a panicked D zone to do it.
Damn this kid and her fancy clothes makes me feel like a bad parent.
What I learned last year was not to read the comment sections, because it used to get me hot!!!!!
i can see the shallow of many lives and if i try to give love or atention to that person then i can see the distance and the confusion looks to me that people stop trusting others and feel insulted or misstreated by affeccion
[NAME] fucking dammit
You commie bastard
Are you replying to something in particular, because what you stated is so obvious I would hope it need not be said on a science thread.
Oligarch-sponsored? [NAME], stop throwing buzz words at ideas you don't agree with. Read a book.
I’m downvoting because it seems like r/iamverysmart material.
Argument a month. I should be so lucky.
People are legitimately monsters.
I don’t watch the Colts, but out of interest do they insist on making [NAME] block consistently like we did.
i just feel really irritable and everything drives me insane
>testing teenagers for four mystery roles Oh good lord. This is going to be even worse.
Hey didnt say being fat and short is bad
i was nannying my kids could definitely snark back at me when we were feeling bitchy but i feel that sarcasm should be kept away from children s clothes
i feel really fucked up why do such things always happen to me
except this isn’t true, we know this because other cities do the same thing and see no significant decrease in sales
Fucking coward.
No you don't, you love lies and liars.
It shouldn't be, I feel like that's happened to us many times!
Meth is a hell of a drug.
No, but a cast member did talk to him after his yelling.
i had a dream in which i was infuriated with my husband and so i woke up feeling infuriated with him but unfortunately a i couldnt remember the substance of the dream so i couldnt adequately express myself and b it was just a stupid dream
i mean its a good level on its own terms but everything before it was so well thought out and executed that doing constant mirror puzzles and topping it off with a crap final boss battle made the last level feel rushed in comparison though the last boss is bad no matter what way you slice it
You're definitly an asshole, or a troll. Maybe both.
[NAME] are the liars, we know.
i want to not feel angry because i haven t the right to feel that way
I'm too stupid to understand what you're saying
Lmao "guys I was *coerced* into sending her a picture of my junk". That just sounds dumb as hell
I slightly hate you for triggering my OCD but at the same time it’s glorious
I'm sorry. That's awful
*Googles what is the third leading cause of death* Google *updated*: Measles causes by stupid people not vaccinating their children
she seem immature, playing mind games. I would be direct and if she still keeps playing games let her go. seems like an attention seeker.
i could be really screwed just on waiting for a sitter so i was feeling stressed
You can't freely make a decision when your opinions are a shitty contract or life on the streets. That is not freedom.
i glanced out the window at the people strolling on the sidewalks carefree suddenly feeling envious of them for reasons i couldn t explain
i feel im not bothered by that
Kill it with fire.
Couldn't agree more
That is disgusting. No one should act like that to you. I'm so sorry that happened.
Some people might be into that. There are some freaky people out there.
*Bride walks by* B: "You ruined my wedding [NAME], great to see you!"
It's not exactly hard to keep track.
*ads even more trashier
im not feeling obnoxious with myself anymore
Shame on you
i write this very moment i feel the cold chill of
i can t fit in in beirut where i have the nagging feeling that i m in a heartless place
Slightly too pissed off with this comment to merely downvote. Not angry enough to begin tirade. Lunchbreak ruined.
We aren't a bunch of Republican puppets like you believe.
[NAME] is huge fucking liar, but you seem to like him.
im not talking about a studio. im talking about *people*. people that you're lying about, because you're an uninformed yet arrogant, entitled child.
Yeah, this guy actually seems quite smart. (But a horrible and manipulative person)
i know the environment i live in we all smile and politely wave but i have my moments of feeling absolutely appalled at how shortsighted people can be
i feel like if i was here long enough i would have my emotions back b c i could either be so stressed out by the people that i cant hide my emotions or that i would have my support back and feeling would be safe again esp without uw school work
i feel very angry and upset with my customer
The foul, smelly dump I just took > fallout 76
im sorry for your loss. your aunts behavior is disgusting. dont give her anything.
i hardly feel like i had a weekend if i dont get fucked up
If you are not going to kick him out, then don't complain. It is all your choice
i wouldn t feel as offended as i do now because the sign would be accurate
Are you serious? Open up a fucking history book
No, but she's lived in Chicago longer than I.
Fuck the cubs
I don’t get why you don’t post that hog.
The amount of Islamophobic media bias is disturbing.
i resent you as much as i do that i feel needlessly and unreasonably angry whenever you re around that the slightest idiosyncrasies of yours make me sick
the game certainly feels unfinished, at least on PC. some horrible mouse controls, using a controller is almost necessary.
Shouldn't have insulted chungus like that, if I see you in the fog you gon get facecamped
i feel like i want to be very very rebellious until they regret of what they have done to their single daughter
I'm not ready, I'm not ready, I'm REALLY not ready.
i feel like i have to preface this post w a disclaimer of some sort before i have an enraged peta after me or something equally as horrible
Ahem. Second best NA
Go look up China’s virtual news anchor.
My bitch dun left me All alone She took mah squeeky ball And mah rasty bone
His sentences don’t contradict. You just have poor comprehension.
Where are [NAME] and [NAME]??? Time to kick some butts!
i want to do all but i cant help feeling greedy
rule 0: dont submit a post if you can't be not stupid
Completely disgusting.
This sub is a fucking joke now
This is not surprising at all. She's a fake trendy "feminist" with no perspective whatsoever.
If we backed a second referendum and the Lib Dems were at 10% I'd be pretty annoyed to be honest. Cheeky sods.
im not dressed up and im already feeling sort of bah humbug today but i am really annoyed at a type today
You leave [NAME] the fuck alone.
That sub bans and deletes anything that's not flattering to [NAME]. Don't expect anything other than ideology and cult behavior from those idiots.
Idealogues are annoying.
FUCKING DIN!!!
You dont need elected officials to have power when you have the people on your side.
There must be some awful things happening right at this second
i didn t think that it would come that fast or would come at all but i suppose it is because i feel cranky today
Oh we're doing this again huh
No it's not. It's two people legally allowed to kiss kissing. Whatever stigma you have is yours and not shared by everyone.
Well this is frustrating.
Was my friends family... They had the wrong address, you're sick dude.
they should just stop broadcasting road games
Impossible. A Milford man shall neither be seen, nor heard.
i can write as many entries as humanly possible in one day and still feeling dissatisfied that i write everything i wanted to the fact that i complain all the time about being lonely
FOUR?!?!? that's inhumane and unreasonable. We get 10.
Unless they end up with [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] (or similiar), this will be a huge failure. Yikes.
That sounds very sketchy to me. I would be thinking he’s with another girl TBH
when an alcoholic stood dribbling over a food counter
Hulu is awful for this. The volume on their commercials is deafening.
Would breaking her jaw and hands be out of line? She couldn’t call or text, what a shame.
i don t really feel all that bothered by it to be honest
I don’t see the yes yes yes yes part. Just one big no.
You know this is really messed up and unacceptable, but it mainly forced the realization that I’ve never played with Omniknight.
What the hell did you just type?
Your attempts to belittle me show only more insecurities on your part.
I loathe him too, but I couldn't even get on board with lynching him. Not even that obnoxious twat [NAME]
Is it weird that I was practically drooling while watching this
Translation: you should see her vagina! She can't fight you off! The double entendre is more than a bit unsavory.
And completely daft
It really sucks that almost everything we know and love about [NAME] is either told to us by proxy through other characters or is the result of fan-fics/shipping.
That was straight up reckless
Seriously, check his food. It is upsetting his stomach.
‘You’re not so smart’ Wow what a murder /s Trash post
ive had my ass handed to me by murt and im starting to feel fucked but just a little
that doesn't make any sense at all.
i am feeling manipulkated and wronged by my son and its as though he is lucy and i am charlie brown
Me too! I don't believe in likes or karma points, but I know other people care and it might be the highlight of their day.
i always had a feeling of being in shape and became increasingly frustrated with the daily accumulation of body fat elusive
He was aggrieved that people didn’t recognize him and recognized steroid users instead.
Why should I get flayed? He's the one who sucks!
Ouch, that looks horrible. Tagged his leg on the dumpster. Lucky he didn’t lose a leg going that fast.
i feel like thats a pretty petty thing to complain about
No, she's standing in the water after she pees.
No...how dare you bring factual evidence into this conversation! /s
Oh I hate him even more now.
Dude alcohol is literally poison and talking about tryna self medicate?
They love to prey on women that have just given birth. It’s so disgusting!
And everybody clapped! Fuck this loser!
i feel a violent tug at my eye socket
True. But I think it’s only [NAME] that pull the belly out of themselves to articles about the empire!
I suspect wilful idiocy to sell books and merchandise to the even more idiotic.
I'd argue they are advocating not fighting the fire in your house when the entire neighborhood is engulfed in flames.
I may have awful taste, i would want this cake
Someone you guys are on Grindr just to screenshot your own witty replies to men trying to bang you, don’t deny it.
thanks i hate her
i feel deeply offended by some of the rhetoric and behaviour of some of the apc leaders and i cannot be expected to remain silent in the face of such expressions
I am getting a lot of weird replies...
PEOPLE LIKE THING AGGRESSIVELY BE PROUD OF IGNORANCE
The scorpion one on the swing set looked so bad. I think I heard her back break/crack.
Because sloppy seconds is a childish concept and I dont see bargain basement girls.
Banned or moved to different platforms mostly. Never were that many and those that did post here had trouble following the rules and were downvoted heavily.
Oh no brothers, absolutely no cheers from iraq
i feel selfish on the days i dont feel well and want to be left alone in my misery
i feel to you or dad because dad is pissed about the dishes and will in turn belittle the way i feel to simply me being a spoiled little bitch who doesn t do jack around the house
I could never deface my car like that omg
i like listening to hardcore sxe music its the one thing that lets me feel rebellious while not chocolating out or spending till its gone
i am feeling so nothing that i am not even getting agitated anymore
i feel she was wronged
Cut rent control, then increase own housing allowance. Because fuck everybody else, am I right?
i feel i should probably move on to the meat of my story before i get too distracted by the side dishes what happened to good music
I pirated this movie last night and can confirm: it's truly awful. Not just lacking in good, but *aggressively* bad.
in certain occasion i have a fight with my boyfriend during the fight i closed the door at his face he went away but came back next day
im feeling a tad rebellious right now
i woke up feeling all frustrated and upset again re enacting the moment i had to succumb to the docs insults and arrogance for a favor to clarify truth about my health
i always got the feeling she hated me
I have two and nothing has ever happened to me. The media doesn't want you to show your support because they want supporters to feel isolated.
i feel like a dangerous animal as i prowl out of the jungle and onto the warm sand of this deserted island
You're not wrong, [NAME], you're just an asshole.
Being approached isn't a license to act a racist fool yourself
I’m sorry, I don’t hear the excuses for harden post season success after he blew two 17 point leads in G6/7.
i feel everything around me is fucked everyone around me is falling to pieces
Studid fuckin idiot
There's DOJ guidelines that he cannot be indicted.
*I curse you to an eternity of walking barefoot on a world of Lego!*
How stupid of [NAME] to rely on LibDems to stop the idea of referendum.
i hate how helpless they make me feel so i get stubborn i stop taking them and im fine until im not but by then im so stubborn i cant make myself start up again until i have a really bad episode and scare myself into taking them and then the cycle starts back all over again
when i had a serious argument with a dear person
i was not wrong to feel angry but i was wrong for what i said
I’m just shitposting dude. In the spirit of the thread “I was bored”
makes no sense, troll harder
If I have to watch Canada lose in a shootout I'm gonna lose it
I would of taken a shit in the woods real quick
i dwell on this matter the more i feel infuriated that i m so lowly thought of
I think its justified because that dude freaks me out. The less money the better.
It makes me mad when people steal them lol... chances are if you're nice I'll just *give* it to you
YES FUCK THE LEAFS. MAY THEY CONTINUE TO CHOKE IN THE POST SEASON.
i feel so angry that cancer is slowly killing my dad
I get it. I hate that [NAME]. Taking advantage of sad people.
I don’t want everybody to live the same way as me, I just wanted to express the stupidity of it.
Here we go. What’s wrong with them.
Sir the fuck down. This is an intervention, we need to talk.
i definitely feel that my poems are in conversation with nature poetry but in the way that a rebellious activist might be in conversation with a government official
It didn’t help [NAME]. He should have invested in a crosscut, it might have been a bigger challenge to put back together
My favorite part of women being in the game is fucking destroying them. Take that femenists
i feel myself redden my manhood has been insulted and it demands satisfaction
Maybe it needs to be "Hall of Shame" instead of a museum.
Ugh obviously that's not what I meant, what I meant is that *socially* if they have a sibling that they do not need humans *socially*.
Sitting down and wiping is disgusting. Especislly when using a public toilet. Fucking savages up in this thread.
Whoever is breeding and seeking out these inbred animals is vile.
maybe next time you should do some fucking research. prohormones will shut down your test production
i would give up feeling fucked to feel neutral
Clean your room before daddy [NAME] gets home.
Fuck the White House, fuck McDonald’s and fuck this post.
just ban everything!
i need nine hours but it s true and if i get less even seven hours which is supposed to be the norm and which some people consider a lot i feel grumpy unhappy and seriously unmotivated
Mother’s Day is the worst.
Indiana resident here: fuck this state.
Weird headline. 2 children per mother would be expected to shrink the population.
i feel petty for thinking like i have i feel stupid that i let things get to me so easily
Shits me no end mate, good on you for doing something
Cute but I dont like where this is going
Makes no sense. What the hell are you trying to achieve ? Sound like a dumho
That's literally insane considering we're talking about [NAME] and [NAME].
Show down there heretic. You obviously meant to say: Unquestionable truth, any diversion from what seems to be true only comes from our own limitations. /s
i didnt feel she was being selfish and completely understood where she was coming from
i feel like im gonna be so greedy with him cuz i just love him so much
i was feeling a little grumpy thinking about everything that needs to get done but flipping it around this way well now i m ready to roll up my sleeves write some to do lists and get to work
i started to feel cold
Of course. It would mean you owe them an unspecified favor in the future. That would be horrible.
Multiplayer guys got shafted too. It's sucks, but at least there's some new content.
“Do you guys actually disagree with the idea of taking [NAME] constitutional rights without due process” [NAME] -signed a gun owning lefty liberal
realizing that a friend had been talked into signing a certain contract
That's not the plan. If it were, the backstop wouldn't be controversial. The plan is divergence.
._. yeah, the man is doing something wrong if we feel nothing.
You're ugly
> IMO the actual root of people's annoyance is that she's an outspoken progressive Not entirely.
When there is 1 in 20 posts that is remotely serious and it gets 20 upvotes Vs 1200 of those that memes get...
I wish I could tell you if it was a good t.v. Let me just find the MOTHERFUCKING REMOTE!!!!!!!!
i feel like i have been a little distracted lately
Good old guardian refusing to accept that [NAME] is stauncly anti-EU and anti-Brussels
This genuinely made me angry. He and his sociopath of a wife deserve each other.
Maybe unpopular but I never eat pancakes with syrup. Way too damn sweet.
Does Instagram and Facebook have these nested ads/ articles? I’m not on social media enough to notice. Well Reddit, but I never see ads.
Can't speak for the original commenter but probably not yours since I'd rather not be tortured for eternity for disbelief.
You realize everyone sees you REEEEEEing all over the place right? You can act nonchalant all you want but obviously youre one salty sea dog
If it's Fttn, then not much, maybe worse, because it's still using that shitty old rusted copper running through that same old leaky pit
No, no the PTA has not disbanded!
i feel irritated pissed even like when someone wakes me up at that moment when i m on the edge of falling into a deep slumber
Get outta here and delete your post cause you're sure gonna look dumb in front of a lot of people other than me.
Even Rolling Storm seems better, and it is not very good.
QB Coach too? Shit..
You didn't come here to debate. You came here to excuse abhorrent behavior.
[NAME] I hate plant thieves. They’re almost certainly ppl who should know better.
i can get to the bottom of this feeling and not just berate myself for feeling dissatisfied
You finna be nauseous as hell man, Dont stress it though just throw up
i get what shes saying but on another i feel pissed that she has to have a thick skin to put up with the crap women heap on each other
I mean she’s very outspoken, she’s just typically wrong
i try to approach this thing called nature which is something im feeling a bit envious about
And most ironic. We created the language but people still don’t properly understand us as the mutated the damn thing
Stop spraying chemicals daily in the sky.
Of all the injustices in the world!
[NAME] doesn't get a vote [NAME]! Get the fuck out of here with this nonsense.
i think i have made it known how i feel about cold weather we are not friends i am ready for winter to be finished please please be finished
i lets me into his fucked up world and he usually does i feel fucked up too and honestly a little scared
i was half feeling very irritated and just wanted to get out of a amp f lol
To me the toenails is the grossest part! 🤮
Man I hate that [NAME] guy.
i guess i feel that the things i wrote about were so petty and small that im kind of embarrassed to go back through them
She's immortal now. Spread throughout the internet...shared by hapless idiots.
Bomb on your chest Do not try this at home
This is me today, I have to do a 1-2 MINUTE presentation and I’m freaking out about it
It's a cruel, uncaring universe we live in. Fingers crossed things won't completely fall apart for them.
Sydney is not for you
They didn’t even respond to my email so I don’t think it’s gonna work
Almost like [NAME] culture is written to be offensive, what with the institutionalized rape slaves and everything. They might even be the baddies.
Insurance covers stupid.
I cant believe we elected this goon
i walk by those temptations i feel disgusted
I heard this was because of a bill that happens to go in affect during the Government shutdown.
Shhhhh you are devastating their argument. You might trigger them. It’s the only trigger they love.
i cant do either of these things so i end up trying my hardest to suppress these feelings which makes me irritable and is very tiring
I hate this arm swing thing. Either try to sync up or just stop doing it.
i must not allow myself to judge the character of others and or dwell on feelings of having been wronged lest i develop serenity stealing resentments
Where the fuck is that Kepner rocks person when we need them the most.
Dice LA also has Dice Sweden employees on the team but we are wasting our time pointing it out.
This joke hasn't really worked since the 11th Century. Even then it wasn't that funny.
oh [NAME] this is horrible
[NAME] help us, if that's what she's saying about Catholicism 101 stuff, I shudder to think what other terrible information she's putting out
This argument makes zero sense. The same tax exclusions and exemptions that were around when the marginal rate was at 90 are not around today.
I'm a Broncos fan. I'll never, ever root for the Chargers, Chiefs or Raiders. Who the fuck would?
There is no way that happened, dialogue is too coherent to be Scottish.
i feel greedy about my work img height src http forums
im feeling more fucked up than ive ever had and its nothing to do with my school work
I'm not surprised to read this within the sub it's in. Bunch of knuckle dragging storm troopers WOULD be angry to see people liberate themselves. XD
im feeling irritable and sick
Then I disagree that being a cog in someone’s machine is reason to be resentful.
Which is stupid because conversations about race and slavery in America are primarily about race in slavery in America.
i also feel a little selfish when i get excited about hitting it off with our friends friends because it makes me feel victorious in our choices
They didn’t you lying sack of shit. This sub has no moderators.
Fuck that guy for game 2
Food stamps are a disgrace. People should get money!
[NAME] couldn’t get them to the playoffs. Pulling out [NAME] for him is dumb
Not autism though. What a relief.
So its not mum and dad then.
He's a selfish bastard druggie, so we no longer care about him. Thank you for your condolences <3
im sorry i have a really bad cold and im feeling bitchy cos i never got to go out drinking myself stupid with my best friends tonight
i feel hated i feel angry i feel very sad i feel like im going to be abandoned i feel angry because i abandoned someone but in reality no one at this age can expect that neither party will be abandoned
Your logic is pretty messed up and the pos assumption has zero to do with this. Centralized mining will cripple the ability to fight censorship.
I think he's a lustful, gluttonous, greedy, lazy, wrathful, envious, and prideful man.
i have a bad feeling that i am going to get very aggravated again tomorrow
Konami?! They havent made a relevant or decent game since the 90s.
Source each of these and trend lines from previous years please. No, listing a few agencies and telling people to Google 8t isn't a source.
I'd say its higher tier stupidity because this belief actually harms people
Sick of that stupid floss dance
I shouldn't be tanking this much rating after even a year bro. You don't understand how bad it feels to be in this garbage elo.
Or that's just another terrible problem with the template
Gotta offload this crap somehow.
im feeling it would be obnoxious
Watch your back u/Youareapooptard, [NAME] might hunt you down and burn you alive for that relatively minor insult
shut up, [NAME]!
Which sucks, because it's a *bitch* to find replacements for those.
I’ve had to remove fallen trees on snowy roads because the forest service is not working as much. Shits a little fucked.
i feel disgusted when need to act cute like the actions of gwiyomi
Lol sometimes I do feel like punching someone who I feel is whispering about me ,if I am drunk it would be very bad 😂
i was feeling very stressed with all that i had to get accomplished in the little amount of time that i had
Same! I don’t know how our elementary level colleagues do it. When I subbed in elementary a few times it was awful.
i remember then feeling bitter that i couldnt pop the balloons and join in the celebrations
The only thing I remember about that guy was the super racist remarks he made about [NAME].
ummmm Wulp I personally love a feminine man. I prefer it, ‘manly men’ are gross and stupid
Except [NAME], he somehow defies any common sense and sometimes he comments here.
Also, popcorn can't build ladders. At least, I don't think so...
I feel like they're blaming the school for them doing exactly the right thing.
i sit here feeling annoyed at my sons my pets and my husband im also trying to think of something to feel grateful for this saturday
He's a hypocrite like everyone else in his family and party.
It's not unheard of but there are certainly candidates ([NAME]?) who aren't quite to her level on guns.
i am feeling grouchy
Don't like having different stripe profiles on the shoulders to the front of the shirt. One or the other.
i would just hurt others feelings i am so selfish
Eww that would mean creating a facebook account.
Did she do it yet? I refuse to look.
i suppose i m feeling a little sarcastic about today s holiday
i just feel so annoyed with the way our economic job market is set up
Unread. Unworthy of my or anyone else’s attention. You’ll have to hate alone today, [NAME].
The shipping container are my friends, damnit
im feeling very petty right now
I hear ya man, it sucks that we live in a world where we have to worry about so much nonsense instead of just being ourselves.
I use to work in an office near a 24hr McDonald's. The smell of the place when walking by at 7am was stomach churning.
Yes. He was. Fuck off with your bullshit double standards.
[NAME], your uncle is not the hero you think he is.
What a complete and utter cunt.
Uncle [NAME] doesn’t deserve this
Yep, unprepared for first period, forgot my pants while wandering around the school, etc. Been teaching 5 years and I still get these dreams
i just feel so disgusted with myself
i feel cold spots
Lol looking through old posts of .53 being the year of release 😒
And in the worst fashion possible.
Either way, it's at the very least not an ethical way to conduct business.
[NAME] the amount of protection that you are wrong *because* you are an outlier at all.
From my point of view the freefolk are evil
Holy shit they fornicate like rabbits!!
The number of pedos is too damn high!
i must have been feeling a little cranky about the
i would feel so pissed off
When I was her age I had 3 jobs... oh you have like 18... get off my lawn!
Just watched The Pass on Netflix--really great movie, but not exactly a feel-good time...
i feel less bothered of things happening around me
i do know the next time im having a glass of red wine im tossing a big ol ice cube in it and if im feeling really rebellious i may not even swirl the glass or sniff it and i recommend you try the same thing
There is something legitimately wrong with you
No! Mom said it was MY turn!!!!
i say that i feel like im hated
i tend to be a little more relaxed with our days im forced to be a bit more flexible with toddlers but a lot of days im left feeling frustrated that i didnt get more done
Middle guy doesn't look to fit to me. Looks like me, too many pounds.
The diagonal photo is killing me. Why is it like that?
The more you wind me up the worse it gets for her later on
The "[NAME] says it's true" line makes me think he's messing with you.
Sucks to suck Ratbirds
You guys are fools. This is gold.
this guy is such a douchebag
I've done that in the past. It means he's stupid drunk and is missing you at the moment.
Anti-Vaxer mom: This isn’t supposed to happen, they weren’t supposed to live this long.
Does anyone here think this will actually turn the Jet's around? I feel like this is the worst shit ever.
False equivalence in the sense property rights aren't enforced but more accurately defended.
Yeah I agree people on reddit are so extra it's annoying
I'm irritated by the upside down "Anti Crease" bit more than anything.
if it wasn't him it would be someone else she's wasting her life on
80 minutes too late
what an idiot
You are disgusting.
This is cursed
Shit, I guess I accidentally bought a Pay-Per-View boxing match
she disrespected [NAME], i dont like her
Problem is as soon as someone criticises Israel they jump up and down and scream anti semitism
I get ghosted all the time after I open pics. I don't like it, so would not do it to someone else.
And what a fuckton of karma it was. It’s fake stories like this that really prove that communism is the far superior economic system.
The Young turds are especially bad and they’re not even sly about it either.
Don’t really hear him except for the offseason and his accent isnt really overpowering and annoying.
NIKE NIKE NIKE NIKE NIKE NIKE NIKE NIKE NIKE Those leggings lmao
i feel as if i m one of the stubborn ones
Tbh as creepy as this post is I was way more sexually active back when I was 16-20 than I am today Kids are horny 💁‍♂️ Idk
Shit out to my little hommies who's parents made them go to school today.
Could be worse. At least he's not the guy who wrote the Witcher books LOL.
looks like your fake autism you used to use for attention still has its side effects :/
i feel rebellious even
Clean your room, bucko!
You need to look in the mirror if you going to say that [NAME] is overrated yet want to trade him for scrubs like Dedmon
I gagged at unwashed zebra hoodie.
i read which i feel i didn t need to read makes me a little grumpy
Yeah like "oh yeah? No shit?"
i was feeling rebellious because of what was happening to us as a family
i feel i hate him like i have never ever hated anyone like that but i cant stop looking at his existing symbol
This is unironically the worst trade I've ever seen.
I hate it when the suits call our oncology program a "service line"
i feel agitated and simply irritated
I mean, it is, slowly but surely. It sucks.
fuck atheist countries
#Fuck the cowgirls & iggles
Oh gosh that's no good! Perhaps the other options are better places to start
Do it successfully and coal country will still say it’s a stupid idea.
i feel is most dangerous is people dismissing these disconnects and not considering them trials equal to the physical hardships of the revered pioneers
Says nothing about a 2nd interview
No but it would be weird if you masturbated to it like I did
We're pretty spoiled in Halifax.
up shut fuck the
i guess so walking around feeling cranky and mad
Aaaand this is why I couldn’t do online dating when I was single.
I don’t think so honestly. He’s said I’m cute before last night. It wasn’t the first time.
i had a quarrel with my parents i was convinced to be right
Damn don’t sell this
i feel that i want what i need and know that i just need to bleed in this fucked up world of my own
im happy to report that im not feeling too petty these days mostly because there have been countless examples lately showing me how irrational a woman reaching adulthood and some who should all ready be there can actually concieve
That's pretty much ALL complaining...
>I don't care either way. Good. Then stop making asinine comments on the matter.
awful vehicle physics that cause you to instantly die when hitting small bumps and certain angles! WHY!
Those are liberal comments, you fucking idiot. Liberals are capitalists.
I don't think eating 4chan pizza is a good idea. Unless you're into some weird shit.
Its not better then PoE.....by a longshot.
We have tradable assets next year and cap space the year after. We don’t need to implode to retool.
No sir, can’t hold them over a bowl for shit. Plus they make blunts taste weird.
Thanks, Now I hate you, and will have dreams about this tonight.... Just what I needed
It’s disgusting
The whole point of being an introvert is *going alone*
Boooo!!
What a manipulative, child of a man. Jeez, grow up.
I’m not gonna be writing you a paper check!
No, thats just the glare from the sun
your first mistake was trying to make something look presentable while serving it in a tupperware
Underaged drinking in Wisconsin... get out no way!!!
Hey man, if you need the Chiefs to lose to bring you any sort of pleasure I get it. But at least be classy about it!
i like to think i can handle a lot but when i feel like my cup runneth over i get irritable
i feel that the classroom is extremely dangerous
Sorry what, seriously? Who decided that shit, that wasn't even [NAME]?
SUBSCRIBE TO PEWDIEPIE OR I WILL HACK YOUR REDDIT ACCOUNT!!!!!!
I imagined a big last stand but it was just kind of a mess
This is being said about every fucking update that lowers the skillgap. Yes, it does change the game because we're already affected
You’re disgusting. I hope your wife finds somebody much, much better than you.
I'm keeping my mouth shut. I don't want you yokels crowding up the wine store I go to.
What a useless tool.
i feel cranky and annoyed when i dont
i suppose in some ways i should feel irritated that if she knew why didn t she do anything to help me with this lone cause i was feeling
Yeah we're just awful. Sadly that's too friggin' true just now!
i sometimes feel i am being stubborn not out of spite but rather in spite of myself
And yet, it’s bad to manipulate people. Which is what the in laws are doing.
Yep that was incredibly rude. What kind of adult sits down and decides to put that in a major magazine? Just unbelievable.
Shit he gets too close to a girl and she's liable to hit him with roach spray.
i didn t feel rushed to finish millions of things and i was able to focus on each task separately
i look at him i feel disgusted and some what annoyed by his actions
Ugh. Gross
The true horror of modern democracy is enabling those who say pork roll to have a voice.
Not true at all
i am yelling at my kids at the drop of a hat for no reason possess no energy to do anything just feeling irritable and sad about everything
Shameless karma whoring.
i feel when my socks bunch up under my feet that it makes me cranky and liable to bite someone s head off for saying hello
Wow dude get a life and stop digging through my comments trying to pick a fight like a belligerent moron.
Just because you lack critical thinking and reading skills doesnt mean i am a moron, it means you need to learn how to think for yourself.
I hate people who can't *read* Dx
Doesn’t offend me, I just don’t like looking at it.
i feel frustrated sometimes with my mac lipsticks when i have to read names or open each of them to select shade
I hate that you've forced me to deal with a reality I've been blissfully ignoring.
Instagram is the only one to blame for all this evil
It’s because he so consistently lies and states mistruths. Why keep listening to a dishonest idiot?
I blame all of y'all, y'all told [him he] was funny
Ahh damn! Gotta pay attention to that, never even knew!
You conveniently forgot nearly killing a toddler by throwing furniture out of a 14 story window.
Piss off a small percentage to gain an even larger one? That's hardly unheard of. The amount of publicity alone for this is astounding.
And there's good reason for that. The SD is absolute shit
i vividly remember feeling so offended that she would even dream such a thing could be a choice
I've never decided to have just one late night drunk egg
That magazine cover after her first surgery was awful. She got a chin implant or something I think. Receipt:
This is the dumbest post I've read today. How's that?
And a hell of a lot better receivers. [NAME], [NAME], prime [NAME], [NAME].
No matter how hard you scrub it WON'T COME OUT.
My point is that they give him shit for legitimate reasons.
i feel i was wronged
This is his 2nd marriage that he has cheated in. She refuses to see how much of a snake he is.
What the hell is going on at Getty Images?
What the fuckkkkk burn itt
i can t even feel outraged by it
Not really, it can bind *itself* (though not future incarnations) otherwise none of the laws would mean anything.
I’ve never heard of their football team, must be fake news /s
im feeling rushed and like i should have planned certain things this summer that i can no longer do
That's really creepy. What is crazy is that 9 year old's get cell phones now! Times have certainly changed :p.
i loved a person and he went away it wasnt necessary that he left me to reach his goals
It's very hard to un-brainwash someone. Damn near impossible
Considering that cheating is a mark of high-status, I'd be surprised if the wife dumped a cheating husband.
SHE DESERVES TO BE TRULY HAPPY. LEAVE HER [NAME].
Fierljeppen heck!
And then the rest of that thread devolves into [NAME] supporters arguing against and downvoting anyone who disagrees with the wall or hates [NAME].
I hate that myself
i can not drop this class because then i lose the financial aid for not having enough credits plus i feel like a quitter and im too stubborn for that
You like [NAME] but dislike [NAME]? That is weird considering that they both are on the same low level of intelligence.
That they wield to great effect to tell *you* why you’re crazy and how it’s totally not their fault
This is so painfully 80s. I hate it.
If it was low-fat mayonnaise, their response may have been justified. That stuff is horrendous.
That was horrible defending what the hell
It infuriates me how many layers of tape these things have sometimes.
I don't think this makes much sense for Sacramento.
Its ridiculous.
Weird flex but ok
id start feeling resentful that i lived in a part of the country where the sun stubbornly refuses to show itself after the end of september
That’s not how totaling works.
Hope you don't touch the menus, they're the filthiest thing in any restaurant.
im feeling rather hostile over the whole hostel situation
when i failed the entrance exam of the medical school and was studying biochemistry which has no job prospects in zambia
Removed, stop trolling.
Damn MLM at its worst
Better slap that car roof.
People deleting and stop caring IS THE REASON why artifact is under 2k players.
[NAME] is worse.. [NAME] is really bad as well..
Hence what I said, it is just as illegal yesterday as it is today ... literally nothing changed
I didn't mean for that to sound racist I just mean those [NAME] in the article
Just piss off
No no I’m repeating it because I absolutely love the descriptor! It made me crack up.
They're all bad enough to be lumped in to the same category? You either have very high standards, or none at all.
What the actual heck.... Like I just don't....I cannot
i been so acquainted with sleep i feel like i should name it to ensure im not being rude or maybe it has a name already
At SkyZone with the kid getting some energy out. Next up is a dentist visit...ugh
i wrong to feel so aggravated
People are idiots....sheep don't magically become independent thinkers just because their food source changes
Every point you make is proven wrong lol. Just stop.
i feel like people are aggravated with me but why
Meanwhile in western society grown-ass adults will leave their McDonald's trash scattered all over the place just feet away from the bin.
Fcuk you.
Not saying it's bad. It just initially looked like the kinda thing you use in resection to stuff
That was such awful bandaid application. Like what the fuck.
YEAAAAHH!!!!YEAAAAHHH!!!!...oh, here ya go, doom-di-doom...
Holy fuck this thread is not worth it
We are. EU regulations, laws created by the European Parliament. Don't say something that is blatantly untrue
When everyone is lying who are you supposed to believe ?
that dude steals so many tweets. i hate him
i know will be less welcomed by some who feel that we need to be ferocious and brave and show the wizarding community that we will continue our work to rid england of mudbloods and half breeds and whatnot
i want to be to be worthy of them especially when i m feeling the sarcastic crone
I know the planes are bad, but come on man.
Why all the downvotes? It's a fucking pizza thread?
To be fair, the world (especially politics) has been kind of a shit show since 2016
i worry about all of the time ive been spending on the computer and about how i feel so distracted by the party
Nope nope nope
Wanting to feel sexy isn’t really a thing that applies to me tbh
I don't want a president who doesnt know anything about foreign affairs....no thanks.
i do not know these people since they are not a resident of this room and for them to treat me in such a way that i feel angered
I hate waking up. Being asleep doesn’t last long enough. Being asleep is so peaceful.
Two problems: It's not a newsworthy story. You'd get sued for defamation.
i feel that the students in this classroom are very hostile towards any display of intellect just like the rest of society
Nah mate i think you have me mixed up with someone else. I am [NAME]. Pleased to meet you.
I'm not going to Photoshop that even as a joke because I know someone will find it out of context and take it seriously.
About fucking time ordering ASAP
Is your job my job? Because I don't know what it is about hardware stores that make Ppl stupid but hell are they stupid...
Not sure why you're being downvoted
i dont know who wrote the following little note but this is how i feel today if u r offended by the following posting then you obviously have not lived long enough to be compromised on how you act or believe
i dont know who i like i feel so bitchy and flirty
I don't blame you, this sub makes me feel crazy on a daily basis.
She’s a disgusting snob.. Feel bad for the workers. :(
At this point, LSC only exists to give socialists a bad name.
You realize I hate trump right? You’re super annoying I’m not dealing with this
That's my point he's comparing two things that are different this is past oranges and apples.
I hope barely anyone watches it, it's so aggressive, full of cringe and makes him look childish
> lots of ppl dont enjoy pvp I feel like these people are playing the wrong game genres lol.
i don t want people to feel offended by that request it could be viewed as too forward
Mr [NAME] is operater as fuck
Uhhhhhhhhh well that's not good
Except it's the NFL an he can say fuck it an demand more money at anytime and I wouldn't put it past him.
Not out of a trash can though, surely? That'd be disgusting.
This is such a lame idea. Instead of getting better and outplaying your opponent, you just want to make your opponent worse. Sad.
You cant.Its the idiot civilian drivers fault for probably just staying behind him like a zombie. Unless they come out with heated trailers soon.
The Cavs didn’t even want [NAME]. They just wanted to fuck with us.
i ate feeling hateful towards myself because of a number
i dunno the word im even looking for i guess because im not exactly how i feel im selfish i know
Not having sex doesn't mean you can't talk about it especially if the ultimate goal is proper coexistence.
i ever feel anymore is when one of us gets angry
[NAME] so much hate.
i feel grouchy now the football fans have woken me up from the customary sunday siesta
If an addict gets clean of booze/drugs, you congratulate them! What a horrible crabbycrab to try to shut down someone who got their addiction under control.
Next time something like this happens tell them it's illegal to pet a working service dog and they could be sent to jail for it
That’s a statement I can actually get behind. Not because of anything he’s really done, but that Scientology stuff is... weird.
That, plus they also store our info insecurely so it leaks out. Just another part of this dumb economics game I guess...
A 2-day old account, and this is how you decided to use your time? Trolling the teacher subreddit? Ok dude...
Change politicians' healthcare to that of the average citizen, and this could all be sorted out much faster.
Justice for that horrendous no call
Honestly, Queen kinda sucks. Obvious they were ripping off My Chemical Romance.
i do feel offended and i think justly
Discord. It’s there in the FAQ.
yea so disgusting
Nope. I don't think so either. Same thing I noticed with a couple of accounts that posted here at ESS recently.
i feel like throughout my life to this point in time i can say that ive fucked quite a few people
i feel distracted or scattered i take a few moments to close my eyes and just breathe
i was feeling like a beluga whale and quite grouchy
Meh, same branch of religion. Just opposing views on the sequel to the story.
If the goal of this show is to consistently find people with horribly annoying voices, I have to say the producers are spot on.
And you're a lame, sorry not sorry
Ah, modern society's obsession with romance for the sake of romance… I hate it.
i feel frustrated and can t see a way to save it
I told you, I don't like ethnic food!
Yea I guess I did. I forget how popular the bulls brand is overall. I just hate when people call others dumb because they talk/tweet in slang.
I didn't read that but so what?
How dare you say that. He's a toad of the people! Not some rich frog!
Im retarded lmao Etiz/flualp
Lol that sucks. It's 80.9 in Vegreville, 84.4 at a Costco, or pretty much between 85-89 cents everywhere in Edmonton and area.
i feel rude feel free to grab the seat next to me
While true, that's not what they're talking about here
i think just noticing this in me that i m more prone to feel jealous right now is helping me show up with a bit more intentionality than at other times in my life
Why irritated? I’m sure you said lots of nice stuff about [NAME] at the time.
i have to tell you that i feel insulted
I don't think I'd like that either.
i also cant sleep because all my life feels totally totally fucked and it makes no sense at all on one level i am sober and therefore all should be well but i have been living in so much self centered self willed thought and action and iam in such a world of pain right now
i headed there fully expecting them to have been sold out ages ago and that i would find myself staggering back upstairs without them feeling all bitter twisted and disappointed but at least with some of the allocated pennies still lurking in my own bank account
You’re being downvoted for making a moronic comment - not for your “heroic” efforts here fedora...
i am feeling so grumpy today
i put forward to all their social diktats make them feel i am rebellious towards their authority
Def not nypd lmao, but u hear you
The parallel to the mistake you're making is so apparent I no longer believe you're discussing this in good faith.
Dude, wtf is this?
Boring way to get it and unfair with the rest of the pkayers
The worst is ‘get in a group with someone you don’t already know’
Foot fetish people like pretty feet. Those are not.
The super bowl isnt played in march my man
im feeling annoyed to add on i dont feel important or whatever shit anymore
i feel it is too dangerous to invest in such markets
Shrug, ndp is still going to lose. I don’t really care how many there are.
ive been comfort eating because im still feeling rubbish and i havent bothered to log most of it so theres no point checking on my food log yeah i know some of you do that
You can't talk morality to psychopaths.
[NAME] some of these post i read on this sub its just getting too ridiculous
- But mom! I don’t wanna go to school today! - You’re going little shit.
i have no idea why this particular region seems to lack a visibly necessary outer carniola as well and i feel actually somewhat bothered by this possible evidence of lack of suburban spirit
i feel so fucking rebellious all the rules and its so regimented like if class starts at theyre taking roll at
This guy hasn't learned his lesson. Bake 'im away, toys!
i sat there feeling frustrated that i didnt know about some of the different things ashton and isaac could have been involved in why werent the boys pro active about getting involved in more things and getting more awards
Basically he is trying to start something based on a lie, not good. If I were you, I wouldn't see this person again.
i just want him to see how it feels when he does something that i feel is obnoxious
> In some, cops fire blanks in the hall to simulate an active shooter scenario. That's incredibly stupid, and serves no purpose.
I already know [NAME] sucks... He will be gone in 2 years but the shitty press that you support being like [NAME] will still be here. Congrats on supporting propaganda
looks like got damn shoe leather.
i am feeling that bitter sweetness that comes from a deep recess in my soul
Oh damn, it’s gonna hunt me down.
"It's not true!!! But I DETEST [NAME]!! Reddit help meeee!!!"
It's "snowflake" to get upset over something like this 😂😂😂
WHAT THE FUCK
Kill me, [NAME]
Ha, nope! Trying to distract myself on mobile in a really boring meeting. r/whoosh
He doesn't He just want to get the F*** out of there.
Yikes. She sounds like she's one bad grade away from shooting up a synagogue.
He’s a professional liar making promises to get elected when all he concerned with is a power gain.
it's so cold today I nearly cried just from the temperature and wind I DONT LIKE IT
Couldn’t agree more, and glad there are folks in the media that recognize this
That was his scripted job. Fake.
i feel like so much of my life has been rushed through like just the means to an end and now it feels like i am enjoying everything i possibly can for what it truly is
my flatmate was asking questions about my relationship with my boyfriend
She really does and She really isn't! She's an old, tired ass, busted up, con artist hoe!
You tell me, was this a short trip or not? I was wrong, it was 4.3
When ever I’m feeling depressed or alone, I’ll just image you and think “it could be worse”.
Dudeeee damnn why am I at work when this happens lol
True, but it all started under [NAME] and will get even worse if Labour manages to get into government.
All good man, I don't get the college football hate I see on here, and I hate the big ten disrespect I see everywhere.
That seems like an issue with you not him
Actually it's touching and kind of beautiful. The only thing stupid and lame is your comment.
Well, that was dumb.
Good [NAME] we look horrible
i cant help looking back on the child i was and feeling rather jealous but i am also delighted to be living in a time when a nine year old child in some parts of the world can read a thousand books a year if she he wishes and is able to
Was at the game yesterday and at the game now. It's a miserable gong show. Why do I keep doing this to myself?
No, go home
i bet you are feeling really mad and hurt
im feeling a bit resentful towards all you australians who watch our modern family greys anatomy and glee
i resorted to yesterday the post peak day of illness when i was still housebound but feeling agitated and peckish for brew a href http pics
No wonder crime is going up if these morons are in charge.
Old dirty Bastard?
Insurance covers stupidity, so maybe they'd cover it?
I don’t see anything awful on her. She’s old. That’s it.
Lived in Thailand for a year in the nineties and formed the same opinion. I stopped talking to or helping tourists because they sickened me.
Sue the shit out of her for damages to your private property.
"You know, this should have never happened." Well no shit you dumb ass!
Omg! Sounds like [NAME] was right about calling [NAME] a weirdo! That is so so odd!
After reading a lot of replies you should bee ashamed of yourself. This thread is a hive of bad puns and references.
Or more aptly "OHHHHH FUUUUUuuuck" As you see me run away.
Just legalize it, already. Do it the proper way instead of by executive fiat. I hate the lawlessness—“the pen and a phone” bullshit.
im feeling resentful and persecuted about that whole aspect
You're making yourself look more stupid with every reply. Google what the heck model organisms are.
Hilariously wrong and uncontroversial.
i think about myself personally when it comes to investing i feel like i would fall into the investment category of getting greedy i think id invest into a bombing market like coca cola in the s
I picked up smoking again thinking it would aid that void that is working. It just made it worse.
i wrong or ridiculous to feel pissed
im watching a movie called sharknado i feel like my intelligence is being insulted
I couldn’t live like this. You should leave.
Either you're very high, or don't know how to construct thoughts in the English language.
They didn't play it safe. They played it big and failed hard. The plot is too damn big for a soft-reboot game.-* +
I wouldn't let a sweet potato dictate decisions, ever.
i am feeling highly frustrated because i had worked a long day and just wanted to get home and take a shower and eat my snacks and listen to some music
OOOOOFFF, now that'd be a kick to the head
There are racist morons everywhere.
Why slum it if they’re giving you actual cost?
i don t feel like there was a part before the race where i was stressed out
Where’s the joke? I can’t even figure out why someone would laugh at this.
Weird, Tuxedo Mask looks shorter and pudgier than I pictured him to be
being subject to unfair treatment in a working group
You are reduced to attacking men for their biology.
oh gosh i heard about that and though it was absolutely disgusting
They won VEGAS not the PRO LEAGUE QUALIFIER. Stop trying to bait me
I'm actually scared to find out what kind of thing you could get for breakfast there. I won't check.
It feels like it plays worse tbh
Who fucking cares. People have sex all the time. You're just an asshole for trying to to profit from it or ruin her.
Nothing wrong with pasta or bread. Stop buying bleached flour products and get whole grain.
Suck really hard and hope it ends soon? And don't swallow!!! Bleck - sex is so much better with a woman.
Don't "neg" the university (or any university) and don't write about doing illegal, unethical, or immoral activities.
i feel consistently dissatisfied disengaged disinterested and without any zest for what i m doing in my life i eat
I was browsing the site and just figured r/Browns would do the trick...NOPE!
That one pesky drop of water was in it for the long haul.
Damn furries. We don't have animal ears!
i do how empty disappointed angry sad chaotic destructive i feel today im just mad at myself why do i always fuck up shit
Haha good to know in case I decide to go back to church. Some of those seats in that temple are so damn uncomfortable.
It's like 20,000 words about a teenager. Fucking insanity.
Also technically wrong, it would be last year but not a year ago.
I found all mutual nut destruction games to be ridiculous and I never played them. My friends all loved them though.
i love the feeling of running in the cold when you can see your breath and cold air seems to refresh you from the inside out
i felt disgust of dirty
Happened this afternoon, January 21, 2019 in the Central South-East area. So frustrating!
That’s gonna be a no from me, [NAME]!
But I hate trannies and feminsts owo
I don’t believe so. I got it when the Dead Sea Scrolls exhibit was in my city.
I will never forgive and never forget for this one
>!Cosplayer Bystander!<: I always knew he was a little bitch.
[NAME] already had that in their comment and I didn't deny it. I guess that level of attention to detail isn't taught at Bellevue Community College.
Suck my good behaviour!
lol getting totes fucked up at work is super cool i am one ZANY individual look out Shut the fuck up do it in your own time
Great for him professionally, but the employees he takes the credit from? Not so much.
America v Necaxa Was postponed till March. America doesn't play until next Jornada 2
What an awful video. I just wanted to see the jump in real time, not 10 cuts of the start, followed by 1 slomo finish.
I read it as him taking her virginity. Raping her...unless it was consensual and she WANTED to lose it.
[NAME] didn’t just fight dogs, he, personally, tortured them too. He isn’t a dog fighter, he is a sociopath.
i stop being so reactive every little time i feel wronged or sense wrong in the universe
[NAME] i want to slap the shit out of her
It's also ridiculously removed from reality. Dying to a disease or injury from an accident is orders of magnitude more likely than getting shot.
If all else was equal it’d be a good idea but I don’t think it’s feasible.
i am feeling very bitter about it all
Lmao!!! 🤣 He does look rather greasy.
Yeah probably. But the thought of [NAME] and [NAME] installing democracies instead of authoritarian dictatorships is utter nonsense.
i write now it feels like furious abandonment to embrace a cliche
Wet dreams don't count
No, it would not. How the hell is that evidence that [NAME] didn't commit the crime?
Thats a red flag that you're a big part of his son's life after 5 months. This all seems very immature, both you and him.
Of course it was a smart move, it's only dumb if its the only move
i feel so resentful about having to take care of us and not getting to do what i want to do
The dense stuff isn't very accessible. :/
Oh, I stand corrected -half a million people is "almost no one". Bloody hell mate.
"THE SAMPLE SUCKS! THAT TOWN HALL MEETING WASN'T EVEN AS GOOD AS THE TLIC ONE"
Your 17. End of conversation. You don’t love him
Yeah, not having a system that treats a kid that can't read as an emergency is a problem.
They killed me [NAME]. They killed me with schlock
Its hard to look at. Its just gross.
I hate that this is true. Some of these offices are such a pain to find and cash tips are never part of the equation
I didn’t know that. Gtk
How dare you
i thought id talk today about getting cold feet im sure every bride will know that feeling when hubby to be did something that reeeeeeeeally pissed us off and we start yelling that we just cant do this anymore i cant marry someone like you
Captain you ARE wrong. You’re wrong nooption to argue. I have the final rule ! Nope not gonna listen.
Usually its better just to ignore the dude whos insane, because you don't know if he has a knife or a gun
i feel tortured a href http lawrencewashington
See as sad as I am I can’t hate anyone here.
This qualifies as emotional neglect. Just, to be clear, that is a form of covert abuse and is not okay or normal.
This isn't really wholesome
Only when they have dirt underneath them, now that’s disgusting.
i just feel like being selfish and really live my life
i feel an angel steal me from the greedy jaws of death and chance and pull me in with steady hands theyve given me a second chance the artist in the ambulance can we pick you off the ground more than flashing lights and sound
I heard [NAME] makes someone his bitch on a usual basis. Anyone remember how often?
She has naturally chubby cheeks that are set on high cheekbones. I've seen it before and it's not abnormal.
Peta killed a dog once, so peta is bad, so veganism is bad, so its ok to kill and eat billions of animals (including dogs)
WHAT A DISGUSTING START
Could not agree more!!
Omg stop spamming.
That is profoundly messed up.
That’s one pissed off [NAME]
i feel like i need to tattoo that peggy o mara quote onto my arm so i ll see it next time i feel disgusted disdainful or disappointed by my children s behavior
The fact their team is stacked makes me hate them, along with [NAME] being a dirty player. Also they are in our division
i need to reflect on why i feel irritated
i am just remembering it now and i should have told him it was birthday but i am such a selfish idiot and was feeling jealous of all the people who met nao
holy shit that person is a fucking asshole, talk about a huge red flag for your stepbrother.
Why is sleeping with a coworker such a big problem for a news network? It’s not the military with a rank disparity or something
I feel a lil dumb now, but not as dumb as the idea to switch those subreddits
We are up 2-0 and this game is pissing me off so much.
Fuck it, it's every man/woman for themselves in this fucked City. I've given up caring.
This is almost irritating. Like, take a breath, shithead..,
Take a shower brother, i can smell you through my phone
Oh no he didn't!
It doesn’t help
i feel insulted video pete edochie responds to death hoax i feel insulted a href http olajideolafunmbi
Huh. Weird.
Huh? edit: /u/DanVsStu I have no idea what this show even is - you have the wrong account
Define abuse. People can down vote as they see fit but it doesn't mean it has to ruin your day.
Allow me to describe the shock and awe I experienced seeing this: **Fuck no why u do this?**
im feeling aggravated listening to phoenix lost and found
i wanted to say something to her but it was just a bad vibe and i was feeling hostile didnt think it was a good night to do so
No I didn’t think that, it was the way the information was presented
These refs are [NAME] awful. Find a new job
What the fuck is this doing in a cryptocurrency sub
FUCKACTIVISION THEY RUIN EVERYTHING
you are delucional.
in the army
They’re so angry!
I kill him before he kills me during the date
i may notice that you feel aggravated or joyful or whatever it is that youre feeling
Indifferent before leaving. Indifferent after. Although hasidic [NAME] are fucking mental.
I meant mainsource [NAME]. the one that assists you on your journey. >! not the one that is evil as fuck!<
I'm on episode 8 and this is where the show has gotten boring af for me.
Smh people aren’t seeing the real issue though. That’s the woman’s bathroom. ‍♂️
this is the perfect example of something that is a terrible combination without being outright disgusting.
[NAME], stop being [NAME].
got enough rubies 😁 librals wouldn't know what saving is even if it hit them in the face! 🇺 🇸😎🇺 🇸
Why was nobody driving the damn thing? They were all in the backseat. :/
The first comment wasn't but when you not wanted you should just fuck off
Goddamn right!
Because most shit right wingers say is so awful that if they said it in a space where they weren't anonymous they would be fucking done
i hope mine goes well again because at the moment i m unfortunately feeling a bit resentful with the aftermath of the holidays
i always had this negative perception when i was asked about getting pregnant and my misscariage i always walked away from those conversations feeling somewhat offended
The bourgeoisie elected courts were going to backtrack on all [NAME] economic reforms. Fuck those guys.
She reminds me if [NAME]. Half haked pictures with vague sayings. Ugh
i really thought i was because i liked what i was feeling when in all actuality i hated his personality
i could feel the envious eyes and hatred stares of the women wising they was in my place at the moment
It's not you, Taco Bell is grade D racoon meat and isn't fit for human consumption.
> Basically tell them to screw off and realize their selfishness You mean my grandparents / aunt?
That’s blasphemous 😩
I find porn disgusting and boring, could this be a sign I'm asexual?
i guess the mild pain had made me feel even more impatient to just get on with it
He starts mildly enough with a pucker... then when she *backs away* he opens his mouth and goes further. Seriously - what kind of idiot is that guy?
[NAME] lol. I eat what I want.
It's interesting that you don't address anything but just come to troll
i feel slightly offended
i feel any team pretty dangerous in playoffs york left wing ruslan fedotenko notes said
Just split for gods sake before kids are born.
I hope that's all it is. Didn't see him take a hit or anything.
>You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares. Hundreds of thousands would disagree with you.
i started to feel that irritated feeling
i needed to feel rebellious
You probably can. They're shit at hurling.
> Love is more important than some job. You can't be serious? Please tell me you're just joking.
i still feel jealous of my friends when their moms talk politely with them
i feel like it only had created in me a more grumpy state at the meanness around me
i am excited i hope they will be a it more personal with us and i wont feel like i am being rushed in and out
i could feel my feet getting agitated once i got to the metropolitan pavilion
Not incel related
Stars don’t get chicks my dude. Good way to let everyone know you are a fucking goober
Victimless crime? Fuck you! Sounds like your unrepentant for being a crippling alchoholic.
i feel hateful of myself for being alone
i will start to feel resentful
Because it's incredibly cringy.
i think guys who feel need to compensate do it by being obnoxious
If it gets caught.. it can't.. breed😱
I am an atheist and the idea of a god makes me disgusted and angry so I prefer not to be religious
I couldn't muster up the energy to read through it all. They're on a different level, and it's not a compliment.
As someone who has lived his entire life in the tropics, I can't even begin to imagine what those kinds of temperatures are like.
The main reason I left is a hidden mmr used to influence matchmaking in a mode that requires a paid entry. That's disgusting
r/mildlyinteresting's stupid "guys look at this thing I made aren't I cool??" posts are the absolute worst
I swear these people would try to sell shoes to someone without feet.
[NAME] has such a weird relationship with his parents. It’s as if he’s 15 years old still.
Quite the blasé article.
ive been feeling so bothered lately
> fooled into believing herself an interesting character Uh.. that isn't how movies work.
Anyone who downvoted this comment doesn’t understand the necessity of government.
i feel that they are just saying these things because they dont want to agree with me and be rude
It’s awful. I couldn’t even see the ending at all.
What the actual fuck?
[NAME] are not the best at being subtle about being incels...
i say goodbye to the fam theyre all sad a crying and i feel like a heartless bitch because hey im pretty excited to be flying for the first time and you know also to spend a year in another country
at one of my close friends saying she didnt like the way i am nice to people i dont know
What a crybaby. Don’t drink and drive.
Democrats never had complete control, that is a common misconception/lie.
i have an interest in a relationship with the person long term and an end goal in mind little spats here and there in which i feel i have been wronged are really of rather little consequence in the grand scheme of things
Errr, i didn't want to risk get in trouble with the discipline master, especially since we weren't on good terms at that point in time
What the fuck Edit: YOOOO I SWEAR MY DOOKU JUST SAID ONE OF HIS EMOTES IN A DIFFERENT LANGUAGE
i am writing feeling appalled
i feel stressed out i would watch movies alone or just walk on the streets alone
I don’t think his clothing was so tight when he purchased it..
You're a freak, you dirty dog you.
Because love is a lie and there is no happiness in the world
Sounds like my SIL with me/hubby. But she's a bitch and we never liked her anyways, so neither of us really care lol.
i also feel aggravated i have an embarassing reason i dont want to go home yet i dreaded coming here and now im dreading leaving here
im in the car with my roommate and her family i feel like im being all rude because i have to call her and my dad so that my dad can give her directions and she keeps asking what she needs to bring
too much logic in there for remainiacs only interested in cheering for unicorns and insulting the british people.
That's not true! Some of them are probably into watersports.
What. The. Actual. Fuck. *Gags*
Don't do that. Only villains do that.
Yeah no one is gonna do that and get reported to HR for bigotry.
I'm so jealous!
I hate people using the [NAME] to look “deep” on instagram posts like that. It gets on my nerves so much
Just rubbish.
>just something motor**sport** fans tell themselves to avoid admitting it’s not really a **sport**. Errr.
i just feel really violent right now
You don't get it man
It is heated overnight at much cheaper rates. They are very well insulated.
No, you're supposed to get angry and yell that you're right when someone corrects you
Ugh Morons stop breeding
Oh great so now i need a tv license or to watch in potato. This is piss poor.
i feel like we just rushed around trying to see things its still quite beautiful
Yeah but you’ve already told one side that you’re playing both sides
i feel not offended in any form and should not make this big and in the end it doesnt bother me at all but ive learned to show some balls in the past and say what i think not anonymous so if we would give some weight to the content of these comments there would be the questions what is behind it
I didn't see anything in that comment referring to a cactus.
Nice try. That doesn’t work though.
You're not. OP just couldn't follow some of the simplest rules on reddit.
Yeah yeah science, but I never said anything about meeting forcing him. That's disgusts me.
This is not a good formation. We’ve been over this. It just ends up being crossed lobbed into the box by [NAME]
If you have to ask "how to know if I'm ready for psychedelics" then you are clearly not ready.
It's not like it's a bad thing...
You are forgetting driving. Somehow the law is full of examples of this double standard.
i had not yet gotten married and that coupled with the pressures of being a senior pastor coupled with the reality of my glaring inexperience made me feel quite stressed
There’s no way this gets signed, right? Is it just lip service?
plz no foul trouble
i shouldve stopped feeling envious she has her own life i knew it but its still so hard
Ok so this doesn't seem like a cover given they made a whole comp for him
don't you hate it when that dogs are doing drugs behind your house?
No, we should increase border security because we have an absurd number of people crossing illegally.
no, educate yourself like an anarchist.
i feel more irritable and i feel more sensible now than ever
im feeling pissed and sad right now
You can call me a bitch, and it's cool because you also aren't expecting me to pay you for doing it.
i dont have to buy it in tubs which feels vile
Nah, this sub is for well put together unpopular opinions. This is too low effort.
That legitimately made me nauseous.
i know that obrian can do good characterisation as evidenced in his main characters it just feels like he couldnt be bothered to extend that to the rest of the crew
The cult of reason was very unreasonable. :D
Your opinion doesn’t matter enough to me to trigger me :)
i cant even get through schindlers list much less see the actual death chambers and feel the ghosts of the tortured around me
when i ate a rotten apple
The one fucking thing my home town has contributed besides alcoholics and [NAME] and its a fucking backwards feminist horseshit theory.
Which suggests nothing in itself. The same mods you claim are abusive are probably as hyperbolic about the racism issue as you are.
Creepiest building in Chicago. I couldn’t even imagine the number of gunshot victims that have gone theough those doors and came out in a body bag.
And it’s not like he was a bad coach. We’ve been spoiled from all our great seasons.
i feel so pissed of for the fact that i am not that talented and creative as many others designers are
In reality the kid said: “fuck off noob, Genji grandmaster main here boiii”
I mean, DC metro area has ***three times*** Pittsburgh's population, so. Again, relatively, Pittsburgh's is worse.
They’ve always been bad my guy
Mmmm traveling for work often isn't exactly the most desirable situation. It can be exhausting.
Using high capital (money/picks) for 3 edge rushers would both be incredibly stupid *and* unjustifiable
i hear you loud and clear that this is an important issue for you but in the grand scheme of things i cant help but feel that this is so petty
The most irrelevant comment award..... goes to..... no one else but you.
The fact that her pillows are brown is way more disturbing to me
i think unconsciously subconsciously i feel like a vile vile being
No, that's not standard, it's a common house rule (and is often published in the instructions as an alternate rule as well).
No, it was believed that the baby absorbed maternal traits because the mother was the "soil" the "seed" grew in.
I did not post this. I really do find it funny tho
Could have been worse if a piece of metal exploded into him instead harmlessly on the beach
i want to exhibit all new pieces which is kinda making things a bit more stressful but i know id feel somewhat dissatisfied about showing old work
Games like this are just demoralizing for our players.
i feel like i shouldnt have even bothered
i even dare to say that some of the biggest stiller and or vaughn haters still could get some enjoyment out of this movie and not feel annoyed by their performances and characters
Every Saturday for the foreseeable future will be spent studying for the LSAT. Fuck
**Zigzagzigal-type Balance Suggeestions** - I feel like you are flying, why not get into a war with China who, because they had no alternatives.
i feel like this could be a dangerous topic if anyone feels passionately about pianos but its been on my mind for a while and i thought it was worth discussing not because im going to paint my piano which i grew up with so please stop hyperventilating mom
Actually really like this one Edit: nice shoes too, v annoyed at resell prices 😔
Man fuck, I didn't come here for these feels...
100% agree. Double standards are ever present. Young girl is sexualised, the whole world goes nuts, but a young boy is somehow perfectly acceptable. It's disgusting.
lol not bullying. Just a socially aware nerd complaining about how annoying most of my people are. ¯_(ツ)_/¯
This really shows how young and ignorant most of them are.
Yeah they taste so fake!!
im feeling really really left out and somewhat dissatisfied with everything
😂 Poor kitty.💗 I can hear that howl and see that face! You betrayed her! 😛
Hey- that's where I play tennis! No slapshots, pls.
im feeling bitchy as hell tonight
im feeling cranky after taxation
shut your deregulating lying mouth bill
i know they mean no harm but i cant help but feel offended
See i hate [NAME] and got my ass kicked that game bc i couldnt use him so i was lime why me 😂
C'mon baby, C'MON DEEP SHIT
Man, fuck that shit. He lost us the Sonics, he has no business running for public office.
Yeah I don't mind the odd hunter or a daddy long legs but fuck those red backs. And whitetails Those cunts are vicious as all hell
i feel soooo impatient
No, it's a back massage at best. At worst it can give you a stroke and kill you.
You’re heartless if you’re calling people who smoke marijuana “druggies” and I’m done arguing with you, have a nice day.
Not sure why you got downvoted so hard when everybody above is saying the same thing.
The only term I really use is “sis” for effect, imo referring to a guy as “she/her” is a little weird to me
one of them shotting 22lr if I recall? Heck most the worst used a pistol ether exclusively or with a shotty too
Sorry man, you’re a great person and all. But margarine??? Downvoted*
My son brings *homework* from kindergarten. I feel betrayed.
i liked it all the same this one will take a few listening sessions to get a real feel theres a lot distortion in the songs which agitated me a bit but it caused me to do a little research on just what the creative force behind this unusual album
I'm not telling them, I was just saying that the person who knew them irl said they were a she. That is all
the worse part is you might be crazy yourself and have no idea!
i like to pray a decade whenever im feeling stressed or scared
They make money to sit and talk to you there's no reason to feel like a burdon cause it's legit their job.
You’re right, this is absolutely terrible
