What scares me is that now that this happened, they're going to try and find ways to take women's phones away from them.
I’m literally shaking right now😫
I bet you that’s what will happen, which pisses me off.
I always get concerned when I see Nono standing at the stove or being instructed to pick Milania up from demon spawn practice.
RED ALERT RED ALERT
Those are horrible things to say to a child, let alone a 3 yr old. I would be pissed!
I have vision issues already and I kind of freak out without sound. I'm gonna have to say blind.
Seems like an odd hypothetical question to ask.
Yes, I've had this fear. It's even worse when you *don't* say goodbye and then it's the last time you see them.
> Sleeping next to someone I knew my wife is trying to kill me!
im not much of a people watcher or a voyeur so i feel kinda weird when walking around taking street shots
Okay then. Please remind me again why the lack of support is death threats in my PMs.
To be fair, they did call it a horror.
im feeling wimpy and whiny and generally tired
i was left feeling a little shaken
Ouch, that looks horrible. Tagged his leg on the dumpster. Lucky he didn’t lose a leg going that fast.
im feeling weird
i hope the sensibilities of these deep feeling individuals arent too badly shaken with the display of the pink locker room
i got really fucked up last night i got really really really fucked up on loads of downers it was such a bad idea such a bad idea i feel like a neurotic mess right now i cant handle it i cant handle it i cant handle it
i sympathize with this person but i also feel a bit skeptical the theme is loss because everyone looses
It just never got weird enough..
That is absolutely terrifying to me. Oh my god. The idea that she was trapped as a toddler her entire life is just... wow.
i make jokes about being happy to get rid of them for the school year but its just because i feel incredibly vulnerable about sharing them with others
ive been hanging around younger people and when i am with them i feel like im but when i see the photos of us together i am suddenly shaken to see just how old i look
on the way down a ski slope which was difficult and steep
I never knew this! Nuts are a total fear food for me
im feeling so doubtful today
Without fail saying "moist panties" makes every woman cringe.
i told im i didnt want him to feel uncomfortable
i thought about it later feeling anxious and worried
We will never survive with 5% unemployment with moderate growth and a continued house building program to correct supply. Sounds horrendous
im still feeling all wimpy it may be another skip around
my mother did not come home till late at night ages ago anyway if i dont know where my parents are and when theyll be back i start thinking that perhaps they have had an accident and are perhaps dead
I believe that show scared straight was actually a massive failure, it got viewers but concept of it never resulted in the kids actually being 'scared straight'.
Sometimes I think it's like the movie *Shallow Hal*. You see the person for who they really are on the inside, and it's terrifying.
i sing i feel weird
i have been taking it slowly going at my own pace and not feeling pressured to finish or catch up and im not looking for a miracle cure
i just mean it in a logistics sort of way i feel like i cant take one more frantic non stop day
i know in advance then i am fine with it but if i make plans and they change or fall through i end up not knowing what to do with myself and feeling very restless and angsty
i created my how to paint an owl e course with the intention of sharing the simple shape templates that i use to start my own owls so that others could easily create their own and not feel afraid to start on a blank canvas
Quitting porn only helped with my performance in bed, other than that I’m still anxious as hell in social spots
All of their Saints are psychotic idiot who died for nothing. People remember them as horrible people in death as they were in life.
i want to avoid feeling terrified
i feel like the fans see the girls as wimpy and not as good as the guys
i feel paranoid when i wear makeup out
i drank a cup of coffee i feel all nervous and weird now
Damn! You were so close! Scary. Damn damn!
i am feeling restless for some reason today
i cannot describe to you the feeling of frantic alarm that overtook me
i can feel myself getting agitated at all the constant noise chatter
[NAME] that is frightening...
I've been trying to as well, but the game is so scary :/
i love the way he talks sometimes i feel shy when i was inside him
im feeling nervous about it
I’m feeling the same about the nets and hornets. I’m only worried the hornets can’t cover
i don t know what it feels like to be in love so i m starting to get scared that i don t actually love him
i couldn t help but feel slightly intimidated
Imagine if we dont trade [NAME] and [NAME] fans just kill all of us.
i feel like the dust in me has been shaken and still has not settled
[NAME] man..... I hope this is just one of his overdramatic moments on the floor... He's scared me like 5 times this year....
Absolutely terrible. But wholesome aswell.
i feel fearful
[NAME] combat is terrible and the only reason I don’t play it anymore
i continue to succeed in something and having someone seems unattainable because i feel men will be intimidated or when there is a prolonged moment of silence
i do find myself feeling distraught about getting older and stressed about the impending responsibilities that are to ensue i am generally content with only a little bit of repressed anger that makes it s appearance only when it s instigated
The cruise boat one (similar) where the water goes WELL over the porthole scares the everloving shit out of me every time
i wear makeup not only to reflect how beautiful i truly feel on in the inside but also to break the stereotype of the nerdy timid out of the loop woman in the sciences
i just feel like i havent shaken it up lately
im a bit paranoid about being checked out and having the dorm inspected though just because thats how i always am about these sorts of things and thats making me feel anxious every time i start thinking about cleaning or packing
i feel insecure and lack of confidence
I joined the casuals on the couch and curled up in horror while watching this
i feel the pain of this in ways that only a tortured ti could possibly understand
i packed this time around feeling apprehensive about this challenging season and happy to decompress for a few days at my dads before coming home
i have a heart to serve to better their situation but in that moment i feel so helpless
i first held my scotty i knew i was in love with my high priced bundle of joy but i couldnt help feeling apprehensive about what the time to come holds
I know he will be, I'm just nervous. His face is just going to be so sad 😢
I already called the county I got married in trying to find out about it but they had nothing on either of us about a divorce.. Im so anxious.
i often fought feelings of hopelessness because of our seemingly helpless financial situation
Those mindsets are extremely dangerous to our democracy.
i can stop relying on the views of others for my self worth and thus not feel so threatened by their behaviors
i am thrilled with the way my skin and hair feel if you are like me you are skeptical
id like to be less afraid to say how i really feel less afraid to travel
i have been feeling restless lately
i was feeling a bit shaky and a bit off centre but i think most of that was worrying about things out of my control
i want to be able to get into it without feeling weird in a bathing suit
i hurt and feel suspicious and definitely get angry
i have been feeling very apprehensive about going back
im awake as usual at am and lie there feeling reluctant until am when i get up and slink around in the dark getting dressed
i have written i feel suddenly hesitant to post it
Scared? A little bit. It's more of a simmering disgust at this point for myself.
Your coaching is terrible.... be ready and see how [NAME] uses [NAME]
i can sleep on the couch or on the floor if you are still feeling shaken he offers gently
Oh my [NAME] I saw the rocks below the dog and feared the worst!
i am actually considering buying them thats why i feel so unsure hehe
OLD can be a dangerous place. Gotta stay safe somehow!
That scene traumatized me the first time I watched it
I was worried about that too honestly
I’m uncomfortable just looking at her.
i feel helpless because i cant protect my family he adds
delusional about dread being a scam (don't know how this would work) and more of these conspiracy theories with zero proof/
i feel is doubtful but then again i could be wrong
i feel shy of sharing too much about it right now like its a delicate bird that hasnt taken flight
i was not going to be able to sleep until i knew how it ended and mostly because of another thing which i am not even going to talk about here because it makes me angry all over again and also because i feel horribly neurotic and immature getting upset about it and so we will gloss over that bit
i feel nervous i dont feel super confident that i have it until i have the trophy
I cringe when I see [NAME] playing while we’re stuck with sensitive old [NAME].
i woke up this morning wanting to cry and the feeling hasnt been shaken yet
i feel nervous about going back to america not knowing what to expect the transition to be like
im feeling indecisive about what i want to do with the rest of my life
i trust my kids however i feel helpless enough in here over so many things and i m upset at the lack of respect for the few little things i asked them not to do
i feel uncomfortable and slobby
i feel this strange bonding with my bed and wardrode have been using both a little more than a decade
i want to write that makes you feel the frantic induced nightlife of being on speed
i am new to this so feels kind of strange but i will push through it
during the last academic year ie just before the closure
Why am I gonna do? Stop the ant? I’m scared of him too
i was alone in a cottage i often stay in i was woken up by a rustling sound in the middle of the night
i feel helpless because i cannot stop it
im feeling very hesitant about wanting to buy another house
i want to be able to leave my house on my own without feeling terrified and im going to work on this every day
As a teacher with a bunch of sick students, this scares the hell out of me.
i didn t ride on sunday and was still feeling a little apprehensive on monday so decided to a title lunge href http en
I feel personally attacked.
i t want t know f t habitual t feel frightened wh n initiation r career
I will not being awkward if I am being myself but I just scared
i should have left this movie feeling frightened or at the very least convinced that this number held some kind of mystical power or was the key to some government conspiracy but no
i feel suddenly startled catch my breath and think it could be any day
This stressed me out
i feel shy to him all the time
Oh no, the horror. Look, a pause! Let's start CPR! Those nurses, probably
This is extremely dangerous. And would completely marginalize anyone without a chip. Making it an absolute necessity for everyone to have a chip.
i was starting to feel scared for both of their safety and i wish those officers hadn t left no matter how much i hated them
I'm scared because we don't really have any isolation scorers right now.
It's tasty. Had one on bone marrow once. I've had weirder things before
[NAME] made me like a sleep walker.. I did things I didn't remember doing. Scary.
i get the feeling the oilers are hesitant to count on him again after he missed so much time a year ago
i read several pages and still feel unsure i feel i ve wasted my time and can t engage with the main argument
i am friendly and so easy to talk to if only you are open to knowing me as a friend and not from a top down approach cos i feel intimidated and when i only know i do not want to offend somebody i shut up
i feel so uptight around my family
im feeling very indecisive about turning eighteen but hey the age does come with its own ups and downs right
i feel you see frantic and thus i am afraid
i sent my boyfriend bobby when i was feeling particularly melodramatically helpless i miss having a home in the states and i miss my sweatshirt and i miss taco bell
i feel more terrified than the customers will be in my maze
i myself stood before the crowd and talk but no more recent addition to the crowd feeling a little shaky hihi training and skills needed to maintain constant the better
once i was caught by thugs aged between
i feel that they are vulnerable in the coming election given their performance
That's the reason I am terrified to wear contacts on duty. I'm afraid it'll get stuck between my contacts and eyes and destroy my pupils.
Bonus: her infamous bizarre introduction video. Truly frightening
i am really not expecting it somehow it made me feel shy but then it s been a while part
i feel so strange with english right now
i am sometimes confused as well for a moment in a time of need when the day to pay a bill has come and we dont have the money we need i sometimes feel confused as well
i giggle nervously when i feel threatened
I would stay away from [NAME]. Apparently his injury got infected and will require more surgery/surgeries
ive known that this person has been miserable for years im still feeling pretty shaken
i was feeling apprehensive about my journey because i would be using public transportation the whole way
i let myself think about my behaviour towards you when we were children i feel a strange mix of guilt and admiration for your resilience
Oh god, [NAME] is terrible. My kid loves it though, and Dr [NAME]
I'm a guy and I'm squirming. My wife asked me what the hell I was reading and I told her. She said wtf really loud.
i feel very helpless if i do not have any goal to reach nothing to achieve
i have been feeling very shaky and weak and light headed starting from yesterday and this morning when i woke up i couldn t breathe properly no matter how many deep breaths i took in i just felt there just wasn t enough oxygen going in
i hope to always remain grateful even when feeling a little unsure about my endeavors
i really want this challenge to be a fun way for everyone to knock a few games off our backlogs without feeling pressured to reach any certain goals
i was down and feeling doubtful
i hope you don t run around irrationally killing people when you feel threatened like animals do
i feel very apprehensive to adopt labels and to even identify myself as queer it seems that im still quite unclear on that subject and it keeps me feeling separate from the queer community like joel
i feel paranoid
i feel agitated annoyed and i see feel the darkness everywhere
i am left to feel helpless to do anything
i feel nervous for our hyenas
i have spent the last few weeks feeling sort of uncertain if you will
im feeling anxious all im really trying to do is project the exact opposite
i was feeling shaken walking along the streets and less able to concentrate on not having an accident while simultaneously worrying about having one due to not concentrating
i feel like ive entered some weird universe and i really am grateful for it
i was in a car accident just me not the kids its left me feeling quite vulnerable
i mentioned in that post the colors are very pretty but they feel very uncomfortable on the eyes
I’m more worried about the dude getting pissed all over my shoes
I miss mass Rez her new ult is horrendous
I felt my heart drop. [NAME].
i was feeling apprehensive about my life as a student i felt like i couldnt succeed wouldnt succeed could never succeed
im having my biannual mammogram and although i know it only hurts for a while im feeling unusually apprehensive
i can walk down another street and stop feeling helpless and hopeless
I can’t tell who’s wooshing who but I’m afraid to ask by this point
i feel kind of uncomfortable as i m about to write a not so favorable review about starters
i cant help but feel distraught
i remember me and my mum crying holding ourselves against a door while he tried to break it down and feeling terrified
i would feel really uneasy knowing i can never visit other countries, i think i would rather have the 50K
i pray that each of you who is hurting or feeling afraid tonight finds peace and soon
i often feel like a child here i speak the language like a child i generally walk around the town confused like a child i have child like relationships with most of the natives and my knowledge of the area and culture is equivalent to a childs
i feel helpless and depending on the people closest to you
i was really worried that i would feel intimidated by monica but when we met that morning she was incredibly welcoming and made me feel relaxed straight away
im still feeling intimidated but i feel like i do actually have something to say
Yeah it’s the opponents club that should be scared of us! We are REAL MADRID!
[NAME] shitting the bed like a 4 year old with diarrhea
It sounds like you’re the one who is afraid of the internet. Relax, bud. You’re on r/cringe
i think it is easy to feel afraid when one considers the nuclear weapons the weather the protests the riots the police reactions the governments responses or the laws being passed
i feel like i have an uncomfortable limit
im feeling nervous but since it wasnt sore to touch to stretch or to use the muscles i felt assured it was nothing and that it would pass
i always feel intimidated by other people especially when they always compare me to other people ever since i was young
im feeling that kind of feeling when you are confused yet like bleh
i dont know what it is but i have been feeling less paranoid
i just feel insecure so what should i do sis
i can t take medication because its triggering i have to be really at the point of i can t stand what i m feeling anymore just so i can get past that barrier but medicine has me afraid of vomiting
ill write a bunch youll respond and then ill back off in part because i feel shy
Osaka making me nervous
i feel shy of my broken english
i did feel reluctant to keep on going and drew focalors sigil with a black opium incense stick on a wall by grabbing the wooden part and pulling the incense part back slightly and allowing it to smack to wall leaving a black powder line and meditated
i actually stop to think about it it makes me feel quite overwhelmed
i feel bashful discussing it i m a closet gamer if you will and yet millions of people from all around the world are doing the same thing
Well this is terrifying.
I would see a doctor asap and get to a psychiatrist. Hallucinations of any kind are worrisome.
i take lightly but if youre like me you re probably feeling a little skeptical of product that is being sold on the internet as the way to become successful online
i do not like exposing myself because i end up feeling vulnerable
Late-stage Reddit. I'm afraid it's malignant, there are only palliative care options available at this point.
yikes, as someone who dislocates things often ([NAME]), this scares me!
i am aware of a level of unrest and feeling uncertain and i will sit with it for now
i feel unsure of my footing
i sometimes feel so vulnerable and so lost
i am feeling a bit strange never felt that ever but should i really stop writing blogs now
i still feel shaky is because in the worst hit areas the damage and destruction is so complete
I understand it but still can't ask questions. I am too afraid
This may be overreacting, but I would not touch those presents. There could be a bomb in them.
im not feeling absolutely terrified of more pain and more trauma to my already battered body
There was a huge pervasive fear of nuclear war in the 80s among kids. I remember often waking up screaming from nuclear nightmares.
i wanted to go and ask him about my batting but was feeling hesitant about approaching such a big player
i was out shopping with a friend the other day and she asked how i was feeling about the book coming out and i said i was terrified and she asked why
im glad that peter doesnt feel threatened or concerned by my recent interest in decidedly egalitarian almost feminist christian blogs jonalyn finchers a href http soulation
Freaky, more like creepy
i left feeling very distressed
i feeling shy
i just have to feel threatened to be reminded that i will be saved
yes, please do I'm worried about her D:
i dunno being around him makes me feel like a startled rabbit
i feel like someone s strange uncle trying to break the ice at a party by showing this amazing talent thinking that guests will be impressed but in turn just made everything a hundred times more awkward
i like about dating him is how outgoing he is which makes me feel more at ease because im somewhat shy
i don t feel so nervous doing new things anymore i have more of an this is what i have to do and i will do it type of attitude rather than an i really hope i dont screw up type of attitude
i said feeling strange uttering those words but space flight was still a pretty novel way of traveling in my time
i give you some tips on overcoming the feelings of being overwhelmed
i feel distraught worried panicked sick scared sad
This is dangerous.
I didnt see a ref's hand up, I was about to have a stroke
I was so scared, I thought the kid was going to backpedal into a street.
i should be able to head shot someone at the other end of a football field because i feel threatened by them
i actually feel quite scared to get back to exercising because i feel like ive lost so much strength and condition and put on so much weight
im sore and feeling very unsure of how in the world i will go more miles in weeks
i could feel what was going to happen at the very end but it still startled me
i wake up feeling fearful and helpless
i feel very distraught tonight
i dont know why i feel so frantic about this but i really want to have this particular song for my little girl to be
im not sure if what im feeling is so extremely vulnerable or now that i feel so depressed and sad
i feel like my relationship with christ has been shaky
im feeling agitated and pour more brandy on my coffee
It's creepy but also sad that the guy was bathing in your fountain, hey at least it wasn't your pool.
i feel kind of strange
Wow .. this is more terrifying than if they were a ghost ! Amazing twist
i feel strange and weird about this entire struggle am i the only one who deals with this kind of conflict
These are some of the lamest threatening letters I’ve ever seen. She’s a metahuman who can you murder people with her voice.
i feel unsure or scared i talk
i am currently but i can t even do that right now without feeling indecisive and tied to school and writing and assignments
im not sure i relish the feeling of squelching mud between my toes when its contents are uncertain
You're a horrible person.
i feel threatened or anxious i become numb and detatched from my emotions and environment
i find it hard to breathe and sometimes feel a little shaken up by the days events
i spent most of that game feeling unsure about where i needed to be what i should be doing and just mostly feeling completely lost
i love how i can feel totally distressed and hopeless but when i put on a bright eyes record or something all of a sudden i have this realization that there is more to life than the shit i worry about
i feel like an idiot for looking a bunch of keys that weren t there and i m getting frantic about nick not letting me in for forgetting my keys
I am getting so nervous watching this
i am not strong that i feel scared lonely lost and confused
i do like hearing about ministries that reach out to people that need it but one concern i have is that they may feel pressured to except jesus into their hearts by accepting care from the ministries
i couldn t feel anything other than some strange tugging so i was relieved to say the least
Couldn't really fit this as a "how to," does that mean I have to go to jail now? Source:
i was still feeling a bit unsure a bit not convinced still a bit frustrated
im so excited but at the same time i feel a little nervous
Intentionally frightening the Queen is an indictable offence. (Max 14 years) Criminal Code
I’m scared for y’all saying Undone.
i proclaim to have lost a bit of my sanity and feel so shaky
im just feeling very uncertain and
i would say that when they start they will feel really intimidated by the code and how vast everything is
i feel shaky dizzy and my stomach starts to hurt if i miss a meal
i feel like a paranoid victim of the system in fear of something learing in the depths
Super creepy. And leaving the note is out of line
i feel like i m running in circles and i m terrified
this video made me feel like screaming
i feel like i was assaulted by a titanium hedgehog
i came to china feeling a little frightened of everything around me
i can flirt along with the best of em and i rarely if ever feel intimidated by male identifying folks or the idea of striking up a conversation with them regardless of how hopelessly attracted i am to them
It's the hard R that'll get you in trouble.
i feel confused after that
i think since im compelled to act all meek and asian in front of my own kind i feel a tad inhibited to the extent that i cant even be myself
Tear all of it down - that place is such a horrific example of trash civil engineering
i feel like hes scared of a good thing and is sabotaging right now and maybe if i give him space hell come back but i feel like hes had so much space and still doesnt feel like its enough
i started feeling nervous thinking about how id planned to feed younger teens
Weird, FBI did an investigation and proved that never happened. White knights make me cringe.
i was back home but feeling restless
i feel like a tortured artist when i talk to her
i feel so weird about it
i was feeling paranoid tonight so i had to check my blog stats
im feeling frantic about time as if the whole summer were a giant hour glass and if im not vigilant all the sand is going to rush out in a whoosh and ill have dipshit to show for it
i like to finish on a positive note that whenever i feel a bit fearful or down i can just remember something nice about me and rich and it cheers me up
i cannot and i feel a strange sadness for a thing that i m now ready for but cannot do
i remember feeling acutely distressed for a few days
i looked at sams eyes they were tough hiding the strong pent up feelings that tortured him inside
He’s 30 freaking years old and is scared of managing a bank account. *eyeroll*
i feel xs more indecisive
Life is Strange is terrible. Absolutely zero gameplay...
I know I've heard this phrase before but it's driving me crazy not remembering what it's from Please save me from my torment
i want to be recless but im feeling so uptight put your mamma in a headlock baby and do it right whooooos got the crack whooooooooos got the crack whooooo s got the crack whos got the craaaaaaack
i ignored her minor tantrum and jumped down from the table beginning to pace again and feeling agitated
i taught him what it can look like and how it could make him feel scared confused excited nervous
i feel like a soda in a can shaken turbulently and flew violently out of its container the moment it felt air exchanging its freedom to you
i remember feeling nervous that i wasnt progressing so i was so thrilled
im feeling indecisive and it scares me
Yeah, I do. I'm just pretty sure that that will fuck my heart eventually. But I'll worry about that later.
i guess i sort of believe him but deep down i just feel unsure about the unknown
i feel so weird and scattered with all wonders about a million different things
i feel intimidated by your question
ive been feeling reluctant intermittent and lacklustre to pen my thoughts down
i make the trip i feel a strange combination of excitement and dread
ive been feeling very intimidated and overwhelmed by the workload this semester and so ive just been avoiding doing what i need to
i don t spew my desperation all over these situations that already feel uncertain to me
i hate to feel threatened totally
i sat down at the computer feeling nervous excited and more than a little silly
i admit to feeling slightly alarmed that her book was also based on olden sarawak and there seemed to be parallel plot lines to the jugra chronicles
i feel fearful of how this sensitive non confrontational driven girl will thrive as an executive in the corporate world
i feel like we tortured him that whole time
is this sub scared to talk about [NAME] getting arrested
i somehow feel more vulnerable without it
i am mostly feeling contentedly terrified about it all
i do and it is really starting to make me feel really distraught and upset all the time
i feel scared to use headphones
i feel frightened in a kind of a raw way
i burst out feeling shaken because i was pretty sure i d just hit a bird
im really feeling skeptical about clinique products
He may have, I was more worried about the "running and shooting the AR one handed, off to the side".
i left the talk feeling nervous that we had taken the brief in the wrong sense but we were in a situation where we had already invested to much time into the project that there was no going back
im feeling agitated today
i think it is possible maybe i am denying it maybe i am not opening myself up to the whole possibility maybe it is only just now i have realised that it is possible to give a man men that power over me to make me feel shaken in my leather sandals
i feel he became frightened at the thought that i was putting my best foot forward
im so excited but feeling scared too
[NAME] is pretty fucking scary
That is so creepy and scary. Imagine if he really was a Dr, and the only one available in your hmo.
i found these emails from scott dale and just reading them frusterated me so much that i feel the need to post them and show the world what a neurotic freak he was is
i feel so nervous anxious and i dont know why
Yeah, Inbox didn't have those so I forgot all about it until they killed it.
The dude was absent in the Ohio State game... IDK I would be very worried if he was the pick.
im feeling doubtful about my writing dreams to know shes behind me
i feel strange out of sorts and i wont resort to this again
i feel more anxious than i have in quite some time in fact
i walked into the dawn treader feeling fairly skeptical and walked out with three great books one was a hardcover book in japanese that i picked up for my mom for
i only feel frightened and these are such small things
i didn t feel alarmed at all
i am feeling a little skeptical today
i feel less and less the feeling of fear and being afraid and scared
It’s the comment about smelling her that makes it pure cringe.
i was older i might not feel as frightened about spending the time i have left alone
i was feeling restless no one was home and it was sunny outside
i go to bed feeling very distraught otherwise
i feel really anxious
i am not an expert i am simply a filmmaker and i feel really uncomfortable speaking from a level higher than the audience especially when there are often real experts in the audience who know much more about medical and radiation issues than i do
Yeah but scary brown people. Ever thought of that libtard? /s ^just ^^in ^^^case
i didnt feel especially nervous in finland but when we landed in paris i was a little unsure about what would be ahead of us thought st grade student janne suominen
i was abruptly reminded of why i was feeling so agitated in la
I would love to get microblading but its so iffy about if it’ll be good or not. I’ve seen a lot of terrible turn outs
Spoiler alert, it's terrifying and depressiong
i am feeling slightly apprehensive about tomorrow s crim exam that has a hefty weighting of but not to the point where i am sweating buckets or reaching for the razor blades
im feeling a little apprehensive about it because i feel like im suddenly way too old compared to my mental age of about
HHahah. Right? I’m scared
i really like it a lot and think its a great fit for me and i love talking to the patients and trying to help them feel less nervous or at least that someone cares about them for a few minutes
i feel overwhelmed in a good way
in sweden
i feel a little suspicious
i feel so neurotic sometimes because usually even if i know we dont have something etc
im still feeling a little shaken
i love the response i get from the students and it is such a good feeling when someone who is obviously shy comes and talks to you even if their english isnt great
i forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to feel uncertain about my application within this i reveal that i feel uncertain within myself
im feeling a little uptight and pinched today
ive been feeling distressed
i am feeling fairly uncertain about most things right this moment
i am feeling shaky and tired i feel like i do when i go on a long run without eating and come home and just really wanting a banana or some gatorade
i feel really vulnerable with him i tell him too much im too honest and i hate it
i can t help but feel petrified of the future is she ever going to get better
i feel agitated and jumpy and like i just ate a bottle of caffeine pills
Jokes are even more terrible lately
i think i was feeling vulnerable due to the stress of having to buy a new sewing machine and printer
ive been feeling so anxious and nauseous and tired but also so elated that some nights its all i can do to crawl into bed
i am feeling a little weird as i compare this big old number with how young insecure childlike playful silly i feel inside
i sit and remember what longing felt like and what denial feels like it is so strange to think i couldnt have changed my own perspective the experience itself created my view of the world
i think most people have little problem expressing but once in a while i can t help but feel that we shouldn t be afraid to let it all hang out there and express the other emotions that don t get nearly as much airtime
You seem horrible
i don t want to go home to toronto and feel like a nobody tortured artist loser for two weeks and smoke pot alone in my bedroom and watch degrassi junior high and then weep
i somehow feel terrified as though if i dare slow down or walk in place to catch my breath billy blanks will jump out of the screen and yell into my face with all his fierceness
i feel so agitated about this
i am supposed to feel doubtful but i still think i forget sometimes how amazing it is that i am living in this city and that i get to work with such inspiring young women at my internship
Yeah it’s fine. Some supplements contain Ashwagandha which affects the gaba receptors so be cautious if you’re already on gabapentin or a beta blocker
i could feel its warmth in the strange stillness and it comforted me
i went on to the holiday party that evening courtesy of another journalism sibling whom i call my big bro feeling a little unsure on why i was really attending
i am most defensive when i feel most threatened
i do not worry about every nuance of my day and its presentation to others less little things to worry about and that makes me feel less neurotic overall and less likely to trigger psychotic episodes as well
i recall seeing leaves falling off a tree set against a grey sky and feeling absolutely terrified
i feel uncomfortable depending on my partner to meet my needs
im super annoyed cause it hurts all the time cause i cant do my complete manicure and feel like my hands are pretty and i am kind of scared on how long this will take to heal and for my nail to grow again to stick on my finger again
I learned that recently driving into SLC for the first time in the rain/snow. I couldn't see shit. 1/10 Was scary.
Arghh! There's a dinosaur loose in your house! A dinosaur with Tippex eyes.
im feeling emotionally vulnerable right now and just want to throw up in peace so i can go back up and party hard
i feel like i need to be some tortured soul in order to create words or whatever
i do not feel insecure or unsafe
i am feeling so ridiculously uncomfortable these days the rising temperatures dont help and i have added wicked heartburn to the list of things keeping me up at night
Thats awful and Im sorry for your friend. I whole heartedly agree. Its getting out of hand.
i feel really nervous about losing it i print the file out on to paper as a final security
i am feeling so much sadness realising that i have gone through life like this but it is such a celebration that now i no longer have to harden to hide that i am scared from myself and others
i was starting to feel nervous all this lifetime of fandom and build up and there i stood donning my vip sticker
i feel kind of insecure here anyways back to doha
In that case, I’m appalled.
i am seeing neurosurgeons document conversations regarding the safety of patients relationships and whether or not they feel threatened
i feel unprotected if i do though
i just woke up from my nap and i feel extremely agitated and grumpy
Its natural to fear what is unknown. Especially when someone is trying to force you to open a sketchy box while probably grinning the whole time.
i start to feel unsure
Pretty good, but I would put the bishop on B4 so that the Knight will be in danger of the queen after taking the bishop.
That sounds like it was an absolute nightmare, I'm sorry you had to go through that, anesthetic failing is a horrifying experience.
i am by no means very claustrophobic when crunched up like that i can t help but feel a little agitated
i wish gervase would have piped down so id feel a little less vulnerable right now
Of course. It would mean you owe them an unspecified favor in the future. That would be horrible.
or a horrible night of 15/4/4
It dulls the pain
im feeling overwhelmed by college with everything else that had happened this semester
This is pretty worrying and makes me wonder why she can’t. That’s not normal.
i simply said how sorry i am and just got out from her car and got into my house feeling restless
i love the long summer evenings where you can shoot into o clock and not feel as pressured as the short daylight hours winter provides
That was the only place I saw and their pictures looked horrible. Might just have to go to the source and vacation in southern Asia
im feeling overwhelmed i can just give people the middle finger or tell them to f off
i have control issues though they really only kick badly when i feel unprotected or dont trust my safety net
i am feeling the strange mix of extremely proud relieved she is on the path to her fabulous future but gutted she has chosen to move out to live in halls of residence at uni
i feel shaken open as though my heart were broken into and there are no words to speak
i feel a bit reluctant to turn to other people
i felt i completely belonged and i didn t feel shy and frightened any more
i completed this card a while ago but im not feeling it and was very reluctant to post
i remember sitting in my family room in dallas watching the story unfold in new york so many years ago and feeling so helpless
i am feeling a little uncertain about my skills in the birthday party arena
i somehow feel distraught and hopeless
ill admit to feeling a little paranoid and wondering about how many others had defriended me
i read up on the practicies and cult like beliefs of falun gong and now i feel sceptical and a tad bemused
i feel so uncomfortable about the word hero
i feel so uncertain about the decade ahead
i have a bunch of ideas but at the same time i feel intimidated because i am just a freshman and apparently know nothing about anything
i do feel weird making an exact replica of someone else work
i feel crazily indecisive impulsive just in a
GF is false; I saw Mayor get transported and I was stabbed by an SK
i feel very distraught right now
i hasan the man who makes me feel shy retiring and modest it s not true that there s no english word for schadenfreude
im not yet feeling terrified of failing i honestly feel like im overconfident right now because i believe that ive done my best
i left the meeting feeling a little hesitant about the situation
i was feeling really frantic i knew i had to find james there too
i felt myself melting away again but this time it was a happy feeling not a scared one
i am ashamed when i feel like that the moment i see terrified crying children and dead ones
im not feeling frantic yet so instead i am going to make this sleep teddy
i did it i survived our very first big kid trauma though i still feel shaken by the whole event
I'm 25 and I still don't have a license. I'm terrified of driving and get anxiety every time I'm behind the wheel.
i fully enjoy music when i feel afraid using headphones
I would think terrible, awful things.
i feel pressured helpless because i dont have control over this
I'm now scared to post this link]( I guess I should [stop.
i feel much alarmed at the prospect of seeing general jackson president
ive also discovered that because i feel less agitated by caffeine and cravings this coping method is unnecessary huge
i am feeling pretty shaky and sad
i feel anxious and worry just in case i dont understand the customers problems
i devote a significant amount of emotional energy to feeling anxious and thus become irritable or frustrated with very little provocation
i feel insecure all the time
i don t feel agitated some part of me thinks that i ve finally managed to keep my emotions in check
as a child i suffered of nightmares even since than
[NAME] here...that guac looks horrible
i spent a lot of my childhood feeling completely frightened of her but i remember a lot of good things too
i feel about them i still end up nervous and have those naughty butterflies flying around my stomach
This is horrible... One of my worst nightmares actually.
i feel very reluctant to have to walk through
Please no, I have a family!!!
i feel shaken and scared
i have written i don t know why this would make me feel shy
i feel for the people who dont see its worth or are too afraid to discover it
im feeling a little bit apprehensive about entering a new chapter again and having to prove myself all over again
i was feeling kind of hesitant about food which sucked because we were going out to dinner that night followed by drinking
i will still feel insecure
im feeling very uncomfortable there the comfort and warmth is just not there any more
i feel like the helpless duckie target for the commies and feds while at other times i want to run and hide
She clearly was too afraid to speak up.
i function best with a lot on my plate and feel very uncomfortable with my life if i have nothing to do
i just feel so helpless i know deke s going to die and i can t do a fuckin thing about it
i was feeling very reluctant about the players even finding a library or sage to identify stuff for them
i feel so insecure when we figt
i wasn t feeling pressured even if this was the longest race and the one i expected the most from
i feel uncertain of how i can keep my personal development of fitness and health going in the right direction
There is something terrifying about petite crazy girls. LOL. The scariest girl in my middle school probably weighed 90 lbs. Everyone was scared of her.
i fought back the blush on his cheeks one hand resting over his heart feeling the frantic beating almost positive kai could hear it
This picture really drives home that the CIS can be super terrifying when they want to.
Cause emotions are difficult and people fear rejection
Snorting them might be what kept her from having a lethal overdose, snorting benzos is pretty much a waste as most of it barely absorbs.
60 young men standing around... "Look out that old native dude is coming right at us... DEFENSIVE POSITIONS SHIELDS UP!"
I'm scared for her. The Saudi government has proven to be very brazen in its disrespect for international law.
i felt jealous when you i feel insecure when
jeeez i've never seen a scorpion so bad it actually flipped the person up right
i wont discuss any further made me feel really restless
i feel apprehensive while opening the blue door
im feeling like a tortured teen i decided to pile on the neon which was the shizz in my day
i didnt feel much maybe just a sting but i was terrified because i didnt know if it was going to hurt or not if there would be a problem and if he knew what he was doing really who does in this situation
i feel overwhelmed or a little blue usually around that time of the month but i manage those feelings well
i have had since july st i am feeling shaken knowing i will be homeless in two months and as close to a home that i have is gone
As someone with sinus and breathing problems, this makes me anxious and short of breath just looking at it.
i feel so vulnerable i need to have a mask on to go into the world or if my desire is caused by a need to divert attention or cover up weakness i should probably be making more constructive use of my time than trying to look pretty
im feeling so restless today
ive been feeling really pumped about running again this is very strange
NO GOD NOOOO!
i know its an unfair reaction but i have run out of ways to explain how i feel shaken is the best i can come up with right now
I don’t know who [NAME] is and, at this point, I’m too afraid to ask.
i do not feel overwhelmed nor rushed
i might be needing quite sometimes to let this feelings fade away but i wont make you feel insecure or disturb or uncomfortable
im feeling a little anxious
i felt afraid just before receiving the question paper of the part ii exam
i pleading to people and feeling distraught that they dont hear
i feel suspicious of wrinkle prevention beauty products for some reason
i feel tortured by this sense of wrong
This was the one post that truly frightened me about the insane left. They are a cult, and not on our side.
i sing the more confident i feel but i still get a little nervous on an opening night
Really? Hey mods, I have this pain in my lower back just about _here_.
i didn t for one minute feel intimidated or stupid
i hope not pagetitle khatsii feeling fearful
i was not feeling so nervous because she seemed so calm and collected
OH [NAME] THAT'S TERRIFYING SOMEBODY SAVE US ^/s
i confess that i was feeling nervous as i made my way to the event venue
Shock collars are horrible. They poor pup. 😫
i start to feel more and more frantic and rushed trying to provide excellent care for my patients and then high tail it home
Yes, once I even deleted my account because I was so nervous about down votes. Lately,every once in a while I comment encouraging good attitude.
i feel reluctant in applying there because i want to be able to find a company where i know at least one person
ill feel even more pressured
i am feeling much more like myself but experiencing strange head and neck twinges
i can understand that you may feel youd rather not do your bit for the vulnerable and homeless in london in that precise way
i answered feeling rather skeptical
im still feeling a little shaky as i write this post
yeah see some of us come from youtube it's a horrible place never go there
That sounds a little paranoid
i am feeling doubtful that nutritional methods alone will solve the problems
i believe that if i by myself make a person feel uptight and want to be envous of me then they have another sin called jealousy
Ha me too. I’m afraid we’ve been called out
i havent been measuring out food drinking nearly enough water tracking any fitness and overall i feel completely shaken and unfocused because i dont feel like my foundation is steady at the moment
I’m scared.
[NAME] i love this "no one can be THIS happy, what a horrible person he must be"
You clearly don't have a clue about [NAME] career so don't start worrying about it now.
i was trying to determine why i feel so reluctant to actually post what ive written when i finally realized its because i cannot pass something off as a cute idea i had or as a response to something someone could be experiencing
i feel anxious as i usually do around this time of night
The 5 days got an audible "[NAME]" out of me. That's terrifying.
i feel the presence of god something fearful happens i became aware of my own unworthiness my own short comings and yes my own sin
I cringe at every part of all of this
So cynical! 🙄 😂
i was a smoker for years and quit weeks ago right after i finished your book and i cant believe how free i feel i knew that i had to quit but i was terrified of my life without cigarettes
i do not believe guns are the solution to feeling afraid
It gives me a weird feeling as someone not named [NAME]. It's a very heeby jeeby inducing phrase.
i wonder sometimes whether i have just added to the antagonism and misunderstanding that many people have towards those of us who feel reluctant to wholeheartedly support the traditional armistice day remembrances
i had it in my head as it relates to the workplace because i had just been irritable to someone a tiny bit lower in status than myself in response to someone who is higher than me making me feel momentarily pressured
ive had this urgent feeling to write to you and tell you how the files make me feel but have felt hesitant because of fear as to where it will lead me
What the fuck is that horrifying picture
This is horrific
Blizzard was working with Activision long before Hots. I'm afraid its too late now, to divorce.
i met people from every corner of the globe so now when i am feeling restless and my finances will allow me i am can pick a spot see people that i really care about and have an adventure with them in their homelands
i hoped he didn t feel the shiver that ran through me but maybe he did i was startled when he pulled away from me
i was feeling awfully indecisive this morning when i started to think about what i wanted to do to get my heart pumpin
i had a very provocative dream the kind that makes you feel slightly shaken as you wake up from it
i feel unsure because my financial future thanks to the stupid law is at this point partly dependent on js integrity rejected and jilted by j after we took vows unsure and even a little worried about getting passport ability to do so
i told him i was feeling anxious about turning thirty
i anger people because when i feel agitated with something i get frantic and speak fast and snippy
i feel weird this morning
i love those ted talks i feel intimidated more than inspired because greater than great can be found in simplicity too
i was tired of feeling like a helpless victim and stuck in my circumstances and slowly started making changes
when in a car accident where car was total wipe off wipe out
i believe that what was displayed is a deep emotional yearning for semblance of normality peace since it appears the dancing arabs did not feel threatened by a fully armed soldier
i think people reject their feelings because they re terrified of them but the truth is that once you see that you can t die from them and that they actually go away they re not so scary
i feel like in some ways im probably not putting myself in vulnerable positions enough and pushing the limits of it
im also feeling more shaky in my confidence in my faith but at the same time i feel like im growing spiritually a lot and also growing a lot in my understanding of the world around me
i feel threatened by not talking about it
i found myself feeling shaky and dizzy while i exercised and a part of my weight loss could have been due to getting a throat infection
Trial by jury of my peers is honestly my worst fear
im feeling deeply overwhelmed by these ordinary tasks
i wish things didn t feel so strange so out of place
i feel weird having to yank it down and readjust it at points
Turn off your phone, computer or even the internet. It is scary to do but just for now when the urges hits.
i have been feeling is any indication on this childs personality then i am petrified
i feel assaulted the new kid whined
i feel less threatened by the world
im going to sit and crochet some more squares and try not to feel alarmed at the amount of them i need to do before these babies are born
I gotta say, that was a WELL fought period. I was worried a couple times...
i feel like im tortured like years ago
i thought this was a good idea in that it gave you time to recover if you were feeling nervous or overwhelmed and also gave you the opportunity to make your escape if you felt so inclined
i feel uncertain about everything
i feel so frightened i just wanted to document the way i m feeling
ive been feeling weird because i am weird
i was feeling pretty confused about my future career goals however after seeing how creatively stimulating and fulfilling teaching can be i now feel more confident in pursuing a career in education
i feel in the long run this hurts paulie as you could visibly see how distraught he was with the result and the perception of his performance
i seriously still feel so insecure and dreadful that the new guy would suddenly pop back up and change things
i feel like a snob but i ve been a bit skeptical of it from the start because i have no idea who kenny werner is and neither does thomas a musician who gave me the book
[NAME] no, these are horrid on anyone.
i dont know what mediation means to everyone else but to me this process only has value if i freely express how i feel and as this will inevitably leave me feeling vulnerable and exposed the longer the delay the more i can feel anxiety building
i just don t feel like having distraught parents breathing down my neck
i feel as though at least in the range of age being doubtful or not believing in religion is not so uncommon while my mother who was born in sees being an atheist means you cannot be a moral person
Yep, whole different story if mom finds her favorite vibrator buzzing on the floor still.
The worst!! I don’t get cramps so much but my back will kill me
i wouldn t make too big of a deal out of the situation you found your daughter in unless you feel prompted to not fearful
i feel afraid but i have learned to allow myself to be afraid
im feeling a bit suspicious
i still think it is worth posting here as a reminder for the next time i feel anxious
I live an hour from one but was afraid of driving all the way there and them telling me that I have to order one.
i was able to be myself and not feel pressured to talk in a group so it was in a way better than all the years in secondary school
i guess i just need to see how it goes so while im feeling very nervous im also very excited
i honestly never expected to feel so vulnerable
i am responsible for picking a man who on occasion reminds me of people from my past like my mom and i threaten myself i can break this pattern by conducting myself in a different way even when i feel scared because deep down i know he s a good man
i feel a little strange chasing after them since im so disappointed in the brand as a whole
Depends on the drug. Weed makes me antisocial and when I'm in public, I feel paranoid and I feel like everyone knows I'm high.
i knew i needed to get over there but had been dragging my feet a combo of feeling intimidated by the language barrier and the kids nap schedules
i was feeling out of sorts anxious not sure what to do with myself
i feel a little overwhelmed
i was feeling paranoid as fuck thinking people would be out looking for me
i may feel uncomfortable or just want to give up
i didnt feel threatened or concerned really but i wasnt entirely happy about the situation either perhaps instinctively because im usually quite prepared even pleased to speak to a passer by
i feel you i can t take more than mg of seroquel either because the restless leg syndrome keeps me awake all night
i began training in january or at least mentally preparing myself to train and can remember specifically feeling apprehensive about the running a spring marathon
i got caught shoplifting a package of gummy bears
i began to feel less anxious
Wait for real? That's how they met? lol that's both terrifying and completely fitting considering how nuts they both are
i had been feeling slightly distressed and my pride was resisting me just waiting for the next peregrinos to walk past and help me out
i feel really damn terrified and rushed to my classroom where my friends are playing and joking around
i are gay and feel assaulted by the right wing
i don t know if i have told this to you but i feel intimidated by how smart you are
i just wanted the world to feel strange to me again
How scary! She loves you! I hope you are ok.
i got that straight i realized that i was dealing with someone who was feeling insecure
Yikes that made me tense up. Not sure I was breathing. 10/10. Very painful looking
i feel scared because i dont know the students and the teachers
i think is i told my dad and now he feels skeptical about us
i feel reluctant to supply this motion picture a score of stars from
i don t know why it is that i feel awkwardly hesitant to return to melbourne
This has to be made as a satire of terrible memes . Like r/okbuddyretard material
i have this crush on my bus mate and i feel strange about it because i used to despise him
I'm so gay I can't even drive straight - a bumper sticker older than most redditors
i feel that she should change herself and i was too timid to speak up for her except in underground murmurs
i enjoy feedback and love comments on my posts so please do not feel afraid
i was able to maintain physical and mental activity as well as have a necessary structure and routine without feeling pressured to overdo it
dude stop your gonna make me cry. This is horrible please don't do this STOP right now. Dont it's just not worth it
i aware and concerned for everyone will give attention not only marriages and deaths but also with equal seriousness to the elderly woman who feels helpless because she does not know which oven to buy
i suppose if one were to love someone one would feel doubtful
I watched a really bad horror movie she starred in but I think it predated VPR.
i pictured a twin set of copper pipes running through me somewhere and while i was cool when i contemplated the one that flowed outward it made me feel weird to think about the other one
Coming from [NAME] even though it’s a hypothetical question it’s still gotta feel scary
i feel pressured and can not move on to other items in our wedding checklists
i kept doing research on bathroom renovations and all that research just resulted in me feeling more confused than ever about to how to go about tackling what to me felt like a mammoth task
If you are really so dead set against shoveling sidewalks, perhaps you should move to a warmer climate.
i didn t need to mention our difference but i was feeling very vulnerable because of the differences and was having a bit of fear that in someway i am doing something wrong
i feel a little strange recommending this one because i wrote the first night marshal book and invited glenn to write the second
i feel so uptight about it because i know you hate it and are constantly trying to catch glimpses of the tv in the window and listen to it
i sobbed and cried to him feeling quite vulnerable and he did nothing said nothing
i would still feel weird
i started feeling shaky hungry
ive started to delve deep into myself and evaluate everything that has made me feel insecure or unworthy
i feel a little intimidated
i made the other day which more or less sums up how i feel about the delusion of my life for the past years or so i became somewhat frightened of myself and decided to get a little distance from that guy
i was cleaning up the place and about minutes in i started feeling paranoid and what i can only assume is the beginning of a psychotic episode
My nightmare is having an iphone.
before getting back the results of a test in school
i feel very reluctant to blog during my free period even when my hp is plugged to my laptop for charging making it easy to upload photos online
i was feeling quite nervous
i know i have certain aspects of my personality attitude that could be improved i have been under the impression that everythings been fine feel absolutely assaulted by the statement that my co workers have been complaining about me behind my back
[NAME] Almighty. This may be the most empathetic and compassionate reddit thread I've ever seen! Who ever said drunks were mean? Terrible stereotype.
oh [NAME] I unleashed the beast
i wish we could have a huge collective book club about it because i think these conversations are critical during a time when people are feeling increasingly fearful unsettled and disconnected
i have wasted entirely too much time feeling insecure about my body
[NAME] has gotta he replaced or that was just terrible writing
i am fascinated with the structure and function of the brain its so incredible that everything we think and feel all our memories and emotions are created and stored in this strange convoluted structure
i spend time dating or attempting to date only to end up feeling confused
i feel like i m in some weird limbo between childhood and adulthood
i know that car enthusiasts are a bit tribal and youre all starting to feel suspicious about a car journalist whos turned to the dark side but dont worry i still prefer four wheels to two
i am going to add some photos from today and again thank you all for your dear support when i was feeling overwhelmed at different moments
i am still numb i question everything about what i feel and terrified to trust all my feelings
What a horrible person
FEAR THE TURTLE
i was taken by sentimental feelings for the characters and distressed by their destinies
i could feel my body start to shake with nervous anticipation
i feel a bit reluctant having to say anything at all because a popular blogger who i share similarities with had beat me to the chase
Crowder is terrible... How do you lose that gunfight or not have the common sense to just run away
For the night is dark and full of terrors!
i would also feel threatened by the ease with which private information could permeate the system
Being so gullible is the frightening part. durr da durr he downvote me
ive been feeling a little bit anxious of late as far as my relations or lack thereof with some of the ward and some of the investigators go so im excited to be able to ponder that in the temple and see if i can come up with a plan with the lords help
i feel so vulnerable to criticism like if my lunch stinks or if somebody comments on what i eat i have this embarrassed feeling
i feel pretty shy right now and i dont know why
i am baffled hurt that i feel assaulted and unsafe
staying alone in the biology building after the dark
*Dread it, run from it* *[NAME] still arrives*
i alternated between wishing i would die and then feeling terrified that something would happen to me leaving my newborn son without a mother
i feel hesitant to comment because i don t want to add to a pileon but it seems clear to me that those involved haven t learned from their past experiences nor are they interested in applying that learning to future projects
i just remember feeling frantic desperately trying to say what i needed to say to q
i see but i feel confused by all about you lately
when my little sister was sick at home and i thought that she would die
I am. He's the easy pick. Would be perfect for this franchise. I'm worried that he won't make it to us.
i feel bore and restless
i feel compassion for them and understand why they feel insecure
i broke my uncles radio player accidentally and so i feared that he was going to cut me off from going to his house as well as playing it again
i got upset when i feel that the only person whos uptight on chatting is just me
i was beginning to feel anxious about it and i asked him to help me out
i visited the psychologist all those years ago i really took to heart what he said about not closing myself up and letting others know when i feel uncomfortable etc
i feel weird a href http bondmusings
i was just yesterday feeling uncomfortable with highschool sigh
i know like the recommendation function in modern web shops while it feels a little bit strange to see the product you ve just searched for in a web shop on a totally different site s advertising
If nothing was said and you can be engaged all day tomorrow then I wouldn’t worry.
i am already feeling anxious then how is going off my anti anxiety medicine going to help me
Is that the only symptoms you’ve noticed? Are you normally worried for social situation?
i feel hesitant to do it since i don t have any experience with programming and all
i should not feel afraid we can stop shoulding all over ourselves
i did not picture myself feeling shy in this class when i signed up for it
i feel overwhelmed when i think of a country suffering
ive seen the way serina feels strange if shes not being useful and it sure helps that the cleaner is pretty expensive and not having to pay that money would be pretty great
i can t believe it i feel so nervous but my father reassures me that there is nothing to be nervous about which only makes me more nervous
i do feel insecure because if there was a way to examine boyfriends he d be exempted
i am so desperate to save her that i feel i will do anything yet i was so skeptical to consider chemo as i was told by her radiation oncologist initally as well as the internist that nasal sarcoma is not chemo sensitive
i asked whether if he feel shy around me he said no and he say because im a very active person
i was blessed but in some ways i feel like im being tortured by divinity
You're right! What a nightmare.
indeed, but im worried that this matchup will end up as the biggest bait since years and rookie will crush him badly
i feel threatened i feel fear
staying in a relatives house which was broken in before
One wrong kick can end oh so horribly
i miss how safe and comfortable he made me feel and how vulnerable i was able to be with him because i knew he loved me
i begin to have these doubts my stomach clenches my heart races and i feel fearful
i believe in you moment we all feel til then it s one more skeptical song
i am feeling anxious that im not out watching this important game that im avoiding a bar because of an asshole who broke my heart and that im missing out meeting cute boys
im not trying to disagree with same sex intercourse or what to me it just feels weird gt
This is horrifying
My worst fear when I finally get over someone Those damn what ifs
i am feeling very apprehensive about the future at the moment
i have to admit that i feel skeptical about making these changes and wonder are natural sweeteners any better for your body than refined sugars or are all sugars the same in the end
They come to your house and rob you at gun point. Be honest. What are some ways that this could be resolved?
i must confess im feeling a little overwhelmed
i have the emotions but have learned that to feel them to let myself become agitated or excited means that my heart and heat jumps the regulated limits of what can be sustained
Oh that’s terrifying
i felt this way before i was feeling rather reluctant whether should i go down to bishan to fetch my boyfriend
im waiting in my paper gown and plastic slippers for them to call me feeling very apprehensive but a bit dopey in the head due to lack of food
i feel like i want to stop i think of my wimpy muscle less sister who did the tough mudder
i always feel a bit anxious before i preceptor because i am still learning
i didnt realize i was avoiding a question. i am afraid to talk to cops to be honest. even my own mother doesnt know what i saw
i feel now so uncomfortable with all of them i guess is me
i usually start feeling anxious
i could already feel the difference in strength during technique class and three classes in i am starting to find my balance though it is still pretty shaky business
i didnt feel threatened at all by the people like i would have for the first minutes walking in indonesia
i feel rather intimidated by my re his impressive background and the clinic in general
i think honestly i did feel a bit vulnerable
Don't do that i think its dangerous
I’m afraid I just blue myself
Disney World/Land or NYE at Time's Square have always made me nervous.
i go snowboarding feeling very apprehensive
i suppose i was moping in my own misery feeling extremely agitated by a lot of people
i wonder if they feel like reluctant leaders
i am feeling pretty restless right now while typing this
Sir that is a popular opinion. I'm too afraid of what sort of trade will happen to want one.
i mean i feel i feel like the i feel the burden i cant breathe and suddenly im terrified of october what have i been doing the past weeks
I'm worried he choked to death before he could finish the sentence.
i are another reason why foreign tourists feel reluctant to drive in this island
i feel like a confused year old that has no control
i feel so nervous for them
when i almost walked on a snake
i feel tortured by all this and im not quite sure how to handle it other then getting drunk non stop so as to not feel anything at all
ive been quite confident in what i believe for my whole life this occasionally over whelming feeling of uncertainty has truly shaken me to my core
Everytime I see something in this sub that looks sharp, I get very worried.
I'm still worried about [NAME] though :(
i am feeling a bit unsure about some of these im going to give it a try anyway
i know is what i feel and i feel absolutely terrified so overwhelmed with desire and like all i can do is cry and drink beer and prey that maybe i will find a way to make all of these lyrics work within my thought process
I was 10 years old when this happened and seeing her heartbroken dad on tv and hearing her story still haunts me.
i feel assaulted when i hear the radio ad
i resorted to yesterday the post peak day of illness when i was still housebound but feeling agitated and peckish for brew a href http pics
i really dont like attention because i feel pressured to think about a topic and talk
To this day, I get nervous reading anything with [NAME] name in it
we are scared on /r/bengals rn
i dont know that i am feeling fearful
i hate asking myself why i feel so reluctant when he tries to kiss me
i get the feeling that my supervising teacher is overwhelmed and may have too many students
i feel shy at the fact that i love these inanimate things
im slow about this but it does feel weird returning to a home without your mum anymore
i feel uglier and more strange deformed and awkward looking than i had already felt
i am not really in financial straits yet so why do i feel so insecure
i feel like the thing im most nervous about is having two kids
That sounds terrible! I get hay fever some years, I also have eczema and anxiety, all at once sounds like pure hell.
In case you're wondering, Nintendo does put a bittering agent in their Switch cartridges...and it tastes horrible.
im more than ready to meet this little man but knowing that time is running out leaves me feeling a little apprehensive
Nowadays I get nervous watching Steelers defense. Back then, I couldn't wait to see what they'd do next.
i like the feeling of making some difference this time i was really reluctant to change at first however get used to it after a while
i feel a litte shaken up by this point
i feel agitated thinking about his mother and her supposedly hidden msg
Imagine your daughter running away from home. I think that's a pretty terrifying idea without some murderer or mystic horror
That was brutal as hell. Loved it
i lve the fact that yu genuinely feel scared when playing this game
It is an absolutely horrible ultimate I agree after 400 hours on doom I still hate it
Sounds dreadful.
im going to be after the birth of this baby feels shaky
i remember feeling uncertain about what to say well erm we are trying and my period is due this week so erm
i will adress those issues and attempt to reason with them so they may feel less threatened and more supported and loved
FWIW I had a terrible series of experiences at CFA and would never recommend anyone with anxiety go there.
i feel skeptical now
Then he stabbed like five cops and hid in a haystack
I'm moving to the UK in 2 weeks. This terrifies me.
i was feeling threatened that it might be taken away from me
i really love the feeling of being scared
i feel this strange sense of importance of life and the world when i stare at the stars all night
i understand that chronically living makes some healthy people feel threatened or afraid
i feel this is doubtful
We knows mumps immunity wanes; is it possible for measles immunity to do the same thing? I'm kinda scared to try Googling it too.
Done it since I was a kid I was very edgy
Yeah some kid in a BMW ran me off the road. I didnt just crash had some help.
im feeling shaky and feverish and mad
im standing by myself off near maxs crib watching the whole thing and feeling more terrified
i went into the movie i was feeling skeptical and slightly nervous that i was going to be disappointed
i feel like i enter his class petrified that im going to do or say something that will make him think less of me
The fact that they're flying their drone in the rain gives me anxiety.
im contemplating and feeling skeptical
i am healing but i am still feeling shaky at times i managed to get myself to finish some work this week
i was working at a certain place and everyday after work dad would come to pick me up one day he did not come
i read new risen throne once said cold amp desolate soundscapes that will leave you feeling utterly scared amp alone yes it is
“Got caught talking about meditation” Sounds terrible I am so sorry you had to go through that kind of thought policing.
going to take my driving test
i was not used to being around such grandeur and i found myself feeling very intimidated
I always wondered what turned the deer albino. Must have been from fright.
i was left feeling uncertain about exactly what pulse will offer as a series
i was feeling a little shaky and called it a day on the small bike
im feeling a bit distressed about it
i feel so like distraught and lost being there
i feel frightened i hear a mighty roar
i feel this strange shift between us the heat between us intensifying and i get excited my nerves bubbling up inside me
2005? I think we might be the same person lol. What a terrible year. I go back to that one a lot.
i feel like i ve been put in a bag and shaken up but otherwise ok
im feeling terrified no control and now my world is shaking the curtains close and it tingles and tickles inside in my pulse
im under a lot of stress and feeling overwhelmed
Bedside report is terrible.
i notice a lump or feel pain in any part of my body i will somehow become fearful or scared
im feeling scared im going to treat this as sacred something valuable to venerate and pretend im like a cat
For as long as she’s been gone, I’m terrified to think why she was kept alive that long.
I’ve never cringed so hard
i didnt feel as intimidated as i had felt at the beginning of class
i wouldnt feel uncomfortable wearing it at work
i feel a little uptight because i have to really be conscious and careful about everything that happens
I’m about to have a heart attack tonight
i feel nervous about trying something new during a lesson or if my horse shies at something
What changed for [NAME]? Last season he had a spurt of being meta and dominant and [NAME] was a bit of a terror
My dad has an irrational fear of the dark.
i still feel tortured by feelings or thoughts or memories
i would not feel hesitant in using the medical system again if needed
Says millennials are afraid of hard work, dismisses the hard work required to get a fit body.
i go to tell someone to feel her kick she gets shy and stops
My darling, have you bowed down to worship the ancient one yet? We are very worried.
i suddenly feel anxious im crying over little things
i feel frightened by it all
i was feeling pressured but it looked awful to have my make up on and my dark wig and then my eye brows look so light
i want to stop taking it one day but also feel terrified that lots of feelings of anxiety panic will come flooding back
i am comforted knowing that i can use my gun for my protection and will not be put behind bars for using it when i feel threatened
That’s not munchausen. She has a diagnosed illness that’s a terrible, terrible one to suffer from. This is a pretty shitty reply.
thats terrifying. how can people do that to their own citizens?
i feel a bit tortured right now
i luckily i don t think anyone i know was there at the time but can t help feeling a bit shaken
I never used an escalator until I was about 16 and I still remember moving stairs scaring the hell out of me
This was posted at the exact same time as another guy posted it on here, and that scares me.
No, but its a big problem in itself.
Beyond nightmare!!
im feeling hesitant to put much else into words
i cant believe this is the feeling i was so afraid of not disdain or hatred instead its just actual nothingness laced with a small dash of repulsion
i feel incredibly nervous about it
i feel like flagellating myself like the weird albino priest in angels and demons every time i see his face
i an asylum seeker who i don t know how they live in this country without feeling assaulted
i am feeling very shaky today
i really feel so vunerable and frightened
i also feel terrified but i ve found that since i ve started saying i m terrified out loud i feel less terrified
i woke up feeling very distraught and aware of something terrible which will happen soon
i also wanted to let you know that despite doing this blog post im still feeling a bit weird about blogging
Just the name of it gives me anxiety
i was up early today to vote before the lines got too long and i didnt have that feeling at all but i was uncomfortable for another reason
i did feel unsure about it but thanks to l a lot of people liked it
i feel kind of reluctant and depressed when you told me that it s over i respected your decision
i am here again feeling confused of what is happening around me looking for a plane to grasp a reality to settle that feels like it is my own
im drunk for example i feel a lot less shy about speaking in a foreign language that i havent yet totally mastered
My balls shrunk up looking at that
i didn t feel as terrified or as nervous as i normally would in that type of situation
i put my knitting down and covered my ears with my hands trying to minimize the feeling of being assaulted
i feel completely shaken up
This is the scariest thing I think I’ve ever read on here. That is just so horrible.
So edgy.
i secretly well i guess not secretly anymore feel insecure about this but at the same time want them to learn how to come up with common ground by themselves
i absolutely refuse to feel insecure about how i look anymore
i feel so uncertain about everything right now
i suppose we had these moments of feeling vulnerable together and we laughed a lot and i felt very alive
i feel distraught and devastated
i hate feeling that im so indecisive
I feel horrible for the government workers caught in the middle of this. I hope it ends soon.
i feel reluctant to sell but hey
This gives me anxiety and heartburn just looking at it!
i feel like ive shaken off some of the funk thats been floating around me for the last bit
i just make assumptions based on what i see think feel i ve wondered this before with strange things
i have been aware of one traumatic memory that has been surfacing on and off leaving me feeling nauseas and gently terrified always
i feel quite scared about my work life balance if i start to work for ken again
i cant help but feel suspicious of everything
i am not thinking about a certain person before i sleep i end up having strange dreams about him and when i wake up after those dreams i feel shaken and stunned
i feel paranoid that every time i log onto facebook or attend church that im about to find out yet another friend is pregnant
i still feel vulnerable around him
i just feel weird doing it but i want to make sure he feels loved in there
i think i wake up every day feeling terrified in some way but then i feel totally exhilirated when facing things i ve always been scared to do
i found myself in the novel position of feeling a bit uncertain about the stock market rally
i just didnt feel they got me which meant i was reluctant to open up and really share what was going on
i should go to sleep but i m feeling reluctant to let go of the day
This must have been totally horrifying for you. I'm glad to hear you found peace in the second birth.
Great to hear that. Scary few hours for y’all.
im feeling reluctant to change anything because it is all working so well
i feel reluctant to talk about an issue which is so immediate especially as one cannot make too much of a difference about it individually but what i can do is to spread the word
Why does everyone keep assuming that we’ll suddenly sign big name FA’s? This is a terrible idea.
i started to feel kind of skeptical about this myself
i don t i risk feeling vulnerable the feeling that everyone is staring at me and examining every little dimple in my thigh and sag in my arm
I spend a lot of time worrying about how and why that'll happen to me as I get older.
i would veer from feeling utterly terrified to utterly disorientated to utterly queasy
im still feeling a bit shaken
How terrible. Imagine waiting this long only to die the day before release? I always get that minor anxiety before a highly anticipated album!!
Idk how to use any.... the 5th one looks scary
I'm afraid you're completely correct. Sad, but true.
i feel like a tree which is being shaken rudely from its comfortable ground
i dunno i just feel that i started this blog a little shaky as i wasnt really sure about what sort of audience i was addressing or anything
before an exam which i
>it is fleshy I am horrified to learn that my flesh is fleshy
i feel anyway never afraid of the sea but a healthy respect for the ocean and a sense of harmony and balance
i see anything that would cause me to feel fearful or distrustful of him
this off season is dark and full of terrors
when i was attacked by a teenage boy and had my wallet stolen
i feel that he s really shy with his feelings because as he talked about how he felt what happened during the trip he was really nervous and i appreciate the effort to say all of that by the way
This is so scary. Keep safe! I would put fencing up and become a licensed carrier at that point. Sounds like crazy druggies!
The biggest cringe is actually all the people commenting she's a man
Nah, black bears are big scaredy cats Now brown ones on the other hand...
i seem to be feeling a little less anxious this week but i sure wish that i could check on her every week at the doctor instead of the that are scheduled
i asked myself why do you feel frightened of being
im feeling the world spin around me while im in bed only after a couple of glasses of wine which doesnt do this to me im getting suspicious
Jfc, that's depressing.
i sense this is wat has let you feeling unsure
Oh my god Del Monico. Horrific. Even the ambient smell in the hallways makes me gag.
i feel like i get more and more frantic with no clue which way to turn what direction my life is going or if i should even care
Everything is cool when no one gets hurt.. But as soon as something bad happens, we all scream idiots... Why...?
i was washing the trees hoping it would do some good and concurrently in the general trajectory of my life feeling more and more suspicious of much of the trappings of christianity and even sometimes maybe just kinda or a lot suspicious of its heart and in my head is this song
i could feel that strange paralysis all over my body arms and hands except this odd little force field was not holding down my middle fingers forefingers or thumbs
i feel you getting frantic close and just before you do you pull out and turn me around surprised i move easily for you
i feel for you despite the pain makes me suspicious that it might be so
i have been feeling so strange and frankly bad about how not sad i am
Those ears...those horrible ears
i feel tortured so much
No actually my therapist is amazing! I've just had bad experiences with doctors in the past. I meant I'm worried the doctor will say that.
i feel scared that i own it
i feel uncomfortable using the word awesome but this idea actually is
i wonder if she can pick up the stress im feeling when im trying to feed her and terrified of getting bitten because shes not feeding much
i over think you think i really feel insecure
i feel a bit reluctant to write this
that was a horrible fix
i started to feel really confused
i cant help but feeling a little hesitant about my decision just because of the magnitude of the decision
i throw it out there the better ill feel heck im paranoid up such a tree brach right now i jumped when a chipmunk crossed my path when i went walking today
i feel more grounded and less fearful
i thought this is precisely why i m making the show because i feel very uncertain in the world
i was feeling very pressured
i started to feel uncomfortable buzzy short of breath and very mildly panicky
Ahhh, I see. I thought you were saying they made you afraid of the sessions.
i havent exactly gone for a spin around the block yet since id feel strange strapping in a teddy bear in place of a baby but it looks nice and sturdy and like it will do the trick
i was left feeling slightly intimidated and overwhelmed
i had an incredible feeling of frantic despair
i feel pretty terrified about letting down all those good people kind enough to support my work
I'm afraid if I have a awful time or something like that I'm going to get worse..
i am feeling incredibly agitated today
i am such a private person and although i won t be going into anything too personal i m feeling anxious just writing this
i bought into what the world had told me would fill this emptiness but all it did was leave me lonely feeling confused at the emotional baggage and physical consequences i never expected
Now my mental image is narrowed down to a big imposing woman or a spidery woman that scares me just to be around.
This kills the country.
i think im just being stupid feeling nervous
i could feel the frantic need in him the need to make me his
I would be creeped out.
i know who all think this way so i ve always feel skeptical about painting my nails red since i also have light skin so the red is really going to stand out is there a cute way for a year old to wear red nails without looking like she s trying too hard or looking like a hooker
im years old and i must admit that it has made me feel uncomfortable
i thinks this chiefs ccw should be yanked by the state as i feel threatened
i feel indecisive on whether or not i feel the book huckleberry finn should be censored
Right!? I'm glad someone else noticed. I was horrified when she trespassed into a stranger's home. So violating!
I keep hearing [NAME] is a terrible hire.
i crave getting out there and moving and if i dont i feel agitated until i do
ive done so much reading but i feel like im being paranoid by doing all this extra stuff since no one seems to
i feel petrified about his future
Me too! I got scared that I've been laundry inpaired my whole life and never even realized it!
i am feeling vulnerable worrying that the publishing world doesn t like my stories and won t like this next one if i write it
Well that’s horrific
ive been on a bike and this bike it feels kind of strange
Dangerously close to paganophile, so be careful of your spelling for fear of extreme confusion...
i feel people are scared of me or given up on me
This is scary to know that you went through. People like this are one step away from coming home with a gun or knife.
i feel hesitant unsure doubtful of myself
i was still feeling weird about the day before
I'd be more worried about the kids needing eye protection at that point.
Welp. That sucks. I always check left and right when crossing an intersection, getting T-boned is one of my biggest fears.
i had coped for barely twenty four hours before i was feeling wrung out and distraught
For us to be able to do that now, they would proably make us pay for it.
im feeling indecisive about what to do
Ah sorry [NAME], I was going to join. But your desperate posts scared me away!
id be feeling shaky too if id spent a week contemplating how id just pissed away my lifes work
i feel tortured and sickened exactly the way i felt the last day of lances leave
I mean this in the least creepy way possible, tell me how it works out NO DETAILS PLEASE GOD NO
i just feel you so so dont be afraid naega deo apaya hae and pray again dasi neol chajeul su itge sigani heureulsurok gaseumi apawa i need you go back in time dan hanbeon manirado forgive my sins wo doedollil suman itdamyeon i gotong ttawin naegen so so sloth
i write that i feel a bit anxious
i feel weird when yuuki talks to other girls
I am just afraid the Pistons front office, specifically [NAME] overvalues [NAME] and says no to this.
i have never done anything to make her cry or want her to cry but after four months i feel a little strange i have never seen that side of her
i start feeling overwhelmed and i just want to run away and hide in the back of my closet
yes. i hate being bored. it's the cause of much of my depression and anxiety.
i was just reporting to a dear soul that the energies feel strange today and wondered if somethings up
That guy was beyond cringe, it was creepy
i had been feeling suspicious all day
i subconsciously feel a little bashful at the display of nakedness in front of me while watching the maid wipe windows on the outside of the room actually its just her shadow behind the drawn curtains
Yeah but how is that even possible if 99% of girls who are out are with friends? That’s pretty intimidating
i want to come out about it but i feel so reluctant for some reason
I was told ignar was going to be awful by this sub.
i get a little gripped about timing i feel frantic in my thoughts
i am feeling overwhelmed with excitement and anxiety as i prepare for my flight to florence in a few hours
i hate to interrupt you but the truth is i m feeling uncomfortable
I'm hoping it's more statistical noise at this point still, but it's definitely worrying.
i feel wimpy for complaining about taking credits this semester because i know people who took credits regularly but man this sucks
i was feeling relatively indecisive and not very hungry until we walked past a barbeque place
i do know how you feel if you re little apprehensive about offering your gold jewelry for your minimal more cash so i am gonna share what i found with regards to the process of selling gold jewellery for some revenue
That was a fluid motion and it scared me
My soul twin must be [NAME] because I’m terrified of water!
i feel a bit strange publishing these beautiful photos
I’m tired from working hard and I want someone to snuggle me to sleep
i was just feeling terrified terrified of the people around me and the situation it involves
i lock mine with a long lifeline and loop to a cleat or piling and take my gas line and if i m feeling especially paranoid the spark plug too covering the hole with duct tape
[NAME], that is so horrible. I’m so sorry for you and OP.
i feel apprehensive and wonder if the marks i have made in the past are still there
i began to feel that it was shaken so badly that it would never be repaired
i would want to welcome into my home if i end up feeling my mommyhood threatened by my inability to breastfeed my baby
i was feeling a little skeptical that it would arrive on time the situation was not improved by the fact that despite various perfect party setups seeking in ffxi nobody was bothering to set them up including me but duh im lazy
i feel so uptight and tense
Thing is...it's the media the masses take in that is driving this anxiety [NAME] or AP reader isn't falling for this
i remember feeling uncertain about myself when i was young and especially when i became a teenager
It scares me that left to right is also possible for anyone
im feeling agitated again the usual evening mood that is becoming the norm
i drove away from today feeling overwhelmed with news that i have heard a trillion times and news that my heart knows already
i saw kyuhyun in the crowd today while i was strolling through apgujeong with hyunjin the woman breathed feeling every bit sceptical at her own words
i leave his words feeling doubtful of the naight ever ending
i rarely feel hesitant to say something sometimes even too much
i feel i wear what i wear to show other girls at my school who are timid when it comes to fashion that you won t look weird if you walk around with your head held high
i feel like its flying by and im afraid im going to miss something
i feel very agitated just sitting here
i feel that noleans probably lacks a lot of the diy art and music stuff that id go sorta neurotic wihtout
i read a story that left me feeling confused frustrated and a little angry
i do that he can t stand feeling threatened and looking over his shoulder
this comment made me very nervous
i can tell you the things i don t feel that maybe i should be feeling but i can t really put my finger on the cause of my being shaken
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
i just know i feel like i m on potentially shaky ground
i think there s nobody there but when i reach there i feel suspicious
i feel suspicious but i cant walk a way i like him i always had a thing for football players i know ive been m
I can't imagine how scary that was for you. What is wrong with people?
i just feel distressed i dont know why though but i do
i was feeling very unsure as to whether or not i should continue to blog at all
i friends helping them to dress up and practise their thai introduction session while i sat there feeling helpless
I know I am very worried
i admit i walked into third wave cafe feeling a little apprehensive but what appeared to be a run of the mill cafe turned out to be a restaurant with great personality and even greater food
im trying to find ways to add more sewing into my schedule without feeling completely overwhelmed
i was feeling so reluctant the whole day today the only thing that i feel like doing is just sticking my ass on the benches ground having heart to heart talks with my favs staring into space and nothing
i think maybe the person gives a fake hope just because he doesnt want to show his feeling just because he is to afraid about the girl reactions
im feeling more vulnerable writing about this than i do writing about my melt downs mishaps and toddler challenges
i feel very uncomfortable around people with down syndrome
i should just relax for now but it feels so distinctly strange for me
That was a terrible pass regardless. Wasn’t close
i realize that this conversation can make some people feel paranoid or upset generally
i go back to that day however and hear jesus words the son of man has authority to forgive sins on earth i feel electrified and doubtful
We had a clown banging on dorm windows, on campus, with a knife in 2016. Was terrifying.
I'm with you, pulju has been looking dangerous lately
when i heard a rumour that the st year exam results were out i had fear that i might be one of the failures
im thankful for it and the parents because they are understanding and make me feel less wimpy
i set my mind to wanting a specific item needing it for a specific event or at a specific time i find ill end up spending more than i want to because i feel pressured by constraints
i feel like i m uncertain about things i was once so certain
i entered the temple feeling vaguely terrified
i feel and yet your still hesitant to tell me
i hope that the next quote will be able to let my special someone knows what im feeling insecure about and understand that no matter how much i trust
Meh, it’s “next man up” over there. I’ll be worried when they stop making it to the playoffs.
Do you find yourself depressed a lot? I feel like depression comes out of boredom.
Mine once went 6 hours overdue. It was horrible. Big hugs to you. Drink all the wine you can find!
i still feel vulnerable and hurt but its manageable
i do at times feel a bit strange with my mom ushering her about as though shes her traumatic brain injury is really doing a toll on her mental and physical capacities
i didn t know it was possible to feel more terrified
i always feel afraid of telling people because i dont want them to see me differently my self image is very poor and i dont want to transcribe that onto them
i just feel skeptical
i actually answered you pathetic fucking e mails but no thats too fucking easy just call andintrupte what was a wonderful fucking day with you trad trash what the fuck slave he felt the feeling come over him he bagan to shiver and shaken with fear
i feel we re seeing now is a clash between those who are very alarmed at the changes in our planet and those who are rather laconic about the whole thing
i find myself feeling shamefully skeptical of the wisdom of popular gurus especially when it comes to persuasively explaining seriously complex phenomena even when its offered to standing ovations coming from cheering audiences
i mean already as a parent from the moment the iolani left my body i can tell you i feel like im constantly fearful for something horrible happening to her thats out of my control
when i was ten i got shut in the school with a friend i had to jump out of a window and cross a beam metres high
i feel quite fearful about her future other times i wonder how this happened to her or even if i did something to cause abbigail to have apraxia
Yuuuuuuuuuup. It's horrible.
I'm phobic of needles and babies so that was NOT a picture I wanted to see.
i no longer feel timid or insecure when i walked
>very creepy horror-themed Very accurate description and only from a few second piece of an audio recording
i dont call what i am feeling as nervous but more anxious
i never actually felt the sense of suspense springer was obviously trying to build with references to religious programming in that there was nothing there in the book to build suspense with nothing i could see that made me feel uptight worried or anxious about any of the characters
i travel i feel like men expect me to be neurotic superficial and easy only sometimes true
Yeah, for sure. I've definitely come pretty close to panic attacks at the dentist as well.
i confess i feel a little apprehensive
i feel like a frightened little child more than anyone could ever know
i just feel like weve been living in a weird time warp like its only wednesday
i often feel so distressed and freaked out whenever my child gets sick
i feel pretty weird about that considering what my friends and colleagues in nyc and new jersey are going through but it s just the reality
I'm so afraid to weigh myself. I'm gonna have to do it soon though 😭
Both consenting adults so nope not creepy
i never realized just how awful my mother has been feeling about her lack of energy and independence until i had this operation and have been so wimpy and tired
i feel so overwhelmed im nauseous
i slow a bit to stay with him partly because i am feeling like if i start to win he will just give up and partly because i am afraid that if i push it he will kill himself trying to stay with me
i feel shaken or angry that my husband keeps lying to me and is a sexaholic i often start to feel mad at god
i feel about him i never really told him too much guess i was scared but i havent got anything to loose now
i wasn t feeling reluctant because i was spending money we don t really have an ipad at x price is way out of the question
im feeling slightly intimidated
i feel it s because we re unsure how we can help
i feel reluctant to share because my experiences feel incomplete especially now that my ideas are making a shift
I'm kinda afraid to ask but did anyone reply?
i have been asking myself some difficult questions in an attempt to understand why i feel this strange push and pull between different aspects of my life
i woke up on a beautiful sunday morning feeling restless and miserable
Not only do they make me cringe, I become angry because usually or is my nmother and her flying monkey daughter posting them. Just horrible.
i consulted my aunt a doctor partially because i wanted counsel without copay but mostly because i had a feeling my doctors would be skeptical
i almost feel intimidated by the attempt to describe it
im here to tell you you arent alone if you feel vulnerable
i am if i go back to the hostel for a break i feel anxious to get back out and see more and more take it all in
i feel so overwhelmed my heart beats hard i m going as fast as i can and when my husband calls to see how i m doing i crack
i feel nervous but hes in control pretty soon
i often times feel helpless in regards to my life s path
i continued on my way despite feeling a bit strange with my flexy new shoes and sweat soaked back
i remember two specific things from that class feeling terrified of my teacher who would repeat the same question in spanish with increasing volume until his victim either managed to answer correctly or ran away screaming and feeling distracted by the cute boy who helped me study for tests
i also like to share my happiness by spreading a smile at work sometimes i feel like the people i work for are a bit uptight so its nice to add some chatter to lighten the mood
i feel like any time anyone gets into the ring with him they are so intimidated by his arms and legs they dont even really try
i feel tortured by my self inducing deprecation and resentment
I know I should be worried, but I am not, which makes me very worried.
i like feeling suspicious and paranoid about everyone around me including my cat spending way too much time on self loathing thoughts sinking into unwarranted and unnecessary depression and then feeling supremely guilty for acting like such a bitch
i wish that the girl he asked to prom had accepted his invitation that way i couldve been heartbroken and done with my feeling for him but now im just so indecisive
i feel when they are distressed in the night is perhaps more than empathy
I need therapy but I’m too scared to go to therapy.
i won t feel so shy and ashamed about it
Chernobyl incident has scared everyone to death about nuclear, I'm curious where we would be if that never occurred.
i feel hesitant to share something i know and have experienced personally that can offer hope amp eternal life
im still using blogger to follow other blogs but i like livejournals feature of enabling private posts so i can keep just one journal without feeling inhibited about writing things i dont want to publish on the net
i do enjoy large bold prints and i suppose its odd im feeling timid about leopard
i woke up feeling shaky and nauseous with lots of cramping and pressure in my abdomen and pelvis
i am feeling fearful or upset about any situation in my life i have only to notice my reminder sitting right before me and i begin repeating this affirmation over and over again
im being particular but id feel uncomfortable even asserting ive ever been in love
i remember feeling a bit confused and really questioned her saying that to me
im not feeling insecure this month im feeling full of oomph
i must say that there were all familiar faces since i go to that church since but there was this feeling that i was shy and i just wanted to stay there with my friend and be clingy with her all through out the meeting
the older me would be scared shirtless knowing all the fireworks that exploded nearly in my hand as a kid
The fact that this being brought up makes it a real scary feeling.
ive been feeling very very restless
i feel like im assaulted by constant flakiness
i feel hesitant because i don t want to put too much stock in the possibility that maybe today marks the end of a hard year and the start of one that might be better
he is a very dangerous man
This is the noise I make in my girlfriend’s ear while y’all are still scared to moan
i go to my son s conference next week and i am already feeling nervous and apprehensive
i feel but distressed is sufficient
I have this too, so don't worry. We are not crazy. Just regular humans who happen to have an anxiety issue.
i always feel pressured to socialize or i get eight missed calls and some texts from my host brother in the span of an hour
i feel pressured to say something
i write on my blog here that i want or i am going to do something i feel more pressured for want of a better word to do it
Nothing seems to intrigue or satisfy me only drugs and thats sad.
i feel completely unsure of any boundaries or normalcy
when i woke up in the middle of the night because of a dream
s p o o k y
i still feel a bit overwhelmed
i am at work today in my new job still feels really strange tbh but i m sure i ll soon settle in
i think i feel myself flushing don t be alarmed i m on a headache medicine that causes that sometimes
Fuck i know. I'm so worried for girls like me growing up now.
i was bitten by a dog
ive heard so how are you feeling so many times and discussed my uncertain future with so many people that the conversations are blending together
i begun to feel distressed for you
Indeed. This episode is for me the best one officially. I'm scared for the finale
when i was about six years old
i feel so nervous about being around people being with someone
I used to feel like this. That’s a mental illness man
dude, thats grave danger for sure. thats terrifying. he was a predator for young men interested in sports cars. luring in for diabolic purposes!!
CREEP FACTOR MIDNIGHT "virgins gonna be scared"
it is dangerous to date men - read the news - women get killed by male partners and ex partners very frequently. Women are amazingly brave.
i feel like i am gaining strength quickly and could probably start to ease back into running now but i am pretty much scared silly
I used to have anxiety when calling people but I no longer have them at least just 20-30% anxiety.
Yeah, I’m at the dh store. so it’s far but not that far. People really are horrible.
The word nourish makes me cringe now tbh
i did not feel frightened just frustrated that i wanted to go back to sleep but felt there were unfinished tasks i needed to attend to there wasn t other than to edit two articles on freud s dream of irma s injection which were near completion and have subsequently been posted on this blog
i feel anxious for myself moment of truth i feel rather like a tiger in a cage when it comes to testing
I am on month 9 post discard. The anxiety has lifted tremendously, and the depression is still looming but not as bad.
i feel helpless
i always conceal my real true feelings because im afraid of being venerable and taking advantage of because well that happened before and it really destroyed me
i set off feeling strangely nervous and quite weak but slowly worked through the problems and was soon attempting the toughest problems
So, that's super illegal in the U.S. And a cooler is not worth slicing someone's finger tips open.
ive ever invented hail ember and flake are probably the three that are the most me so this story feels especially vulnerable
It would be terrible if he died and they put his head in a jar or something
I'm scared that they would turn out like me, even if I tried really hard to make them nice.
I’m afraid it will eventually go that way.
i spent the first couple of days feeling a bit restless so i kept myself busy with cleaning and organizing etc
i would have taken more but something feels weird about going to a foreign country and taking pictures of places and things that most of the people probably consider commonplace
im also feeling pretty paranoid a lot and no i dont take drugs
i have to admit i always feel apprehensive to order the wings when im eating out
No, no, please don’t make me see [NAME], please!
Still waiting on [NAME] to tell me how GIFs are terrible and I can’t afford to watch anymore of them.
i am worried that you might feel pressured or obligated that wasnt my intention and i am sensitive to your situation
i feel so paranoid and im really gonna cut down the hours and frequencies of me wearing contact lenses
i feel hesitant and uncertain sometimes
i sit here tonight i feel anxious
i feel is manifesting in strange ways
i began having them several times a week feeling tortured by the hallucinations moving people and figures sounds and vibrations
i feel so scared for him
im still feeling a little hesitant but plunging in with a multitude of colored pencils nonetheless
im feeling less fearful today ptl
i can think of to quit are not based on my own needs and wants but those of others scars make other people feel uncomfortable self injury makes friends feel like they aren t offering enough support cutting is something sad teenagers do
Wait, did this really happen? I'd like to see that video so I can cringe some more plz.
i feel so paranoid i don t want to feel like i did back then ever again
Thought i was already there with the terrible title.
i feel so highly intimidated that i get flustered and cant form my words not even in english with her
i feel a bit shaken though
i always feel a little shy in those situations and then nervous that my shyness is making me seem aloof
i do sometimes feel like im in this strange in between world
Even more so. It would only make our prison (this world) even more diabolical.
i can feel the frantic beat of his heart but cookie s voice is surprisingly clear
i realise that although i originally started this blog for a specific purpose it has really grown beyond that and i shouldnt feel pressured to writing about specific things
Yah, totally. It's just kind of scary when all you hear are loud extremes on both sides.
From "woohoo!!" to blood curdling screams in a matter of seconds.
i feel some weird plantar fascitis y thing
The Babylon Bee article makes me worry for [NAME] comic tastes.
i am feeling uncertain and insecure and fearful
i have played a great set i feel really hesitant to ask
im not too psyched about any of those stops but thats kind of a good thing because i wont feel pressured to go see and do everything there is to do and i can just hopefully relax and focus on making it fun for the kids which by extension makes it fun for me
I tried doing this for my son but he was afraid of it.
i feel sexually threatened because some guys can be assholes fuck you of course im going to be a bitch and do whatever i need to do to get my ass out of the situation
i go to little tiny andover and take a walk at night i feel absolutely terrified
Oh, their theme gives me anxiety.
i can t help but feel a little hesitant towards lily
i feel like most designers shy away from using color in the kitchen so i just love how julia incorporated bright splashes of orange blue and green throughout the space
i am learning is one of my default reactions when i feel threatened
i have a million untrieds to get through so ive decided to make a list and im using a random number generator when im feeling indecisive
i feel very reluctant talking about death
when my mothers heart nearly stopped
i feel so hesitant about contacting him
i feel pretty insecure about my current relationship
I friggin choked scrolling up to this
im also pretty close to just exiting out of the window because i feel like this makes me look freakishly neurotic
earth crake
i started feeling like i was being paranoid since it kept happening
i feel nervous when anyone gets too close
Worrying about [NAME] during a game is ridiculous. Especially when he's currently 6-11 from the field.
i would cry scream kick at the door and feel terrified
I find sativa makes me paranoid/anxious as hell. Indica calms me down more. Smoking too much of any strain makes me anxious by time though
i would feel terrified for them and enjoy this movie a little better
It's practically non existent. Im mostly afraid to initiate a hug because I'm afraid I don't know/forgot how to hug.
i generally only post on this site when im feeling completely overwhelmed and i need a space to vent about the perils of law school however lately ive been laughing my way to the law library like a kind of deranged film villian oh this is far too easy
[NAME] that bottom picture. the brows mixed with the hair terrify me 😰
ive been feeling a bit pressured because theres so little time left for two books
im feeling a little gun shy about this
id be feeling paranoid about going bald
Oh I get it, you are illiterate on purpose because you fear to be fed with lies (in your mind). Sorry for you.
ive been feeling so restless at home these days probably because i had been cooped up at school and home for way too long
i feel so shaken and guilty for not being a better mother and shielding my offspring from this health problem
im particularly feeling pressured to act and behave in ways that are culturally accepted and expected of me
i keep having all of these wonderful feelings and dreams and i am so terrified that they are bad or harmful or wrong but they are not
i feel fearful because i dont know what is going to happen next in the course of me recovering
This is really scary. The saddest about this is i really think it will be possible quite soon. :(
i rid myself of many bad habits only to fall back into them when i feel insecure or vulnerable
im just feeling strangely indecisive and also because i dont really believe that
finding out that i am not an as able student as i thought
i know he is totally trainable and can be free of his arm chewing habits i feel that the kids would be too nervous around him during the training process
i feel strongly it could be helping people and doing what i am unsure of but it isn t within the us
i am feeling like it might look just a little suspicious if i go home and dont meet with him
i knew i wanted frosting to decorate the cookies and write a message but was thinking of the cream type frosting which uses butter or shortening and feeling a little hesitant about adding all that fat trans fat no less
Problem is that picture is there before you ever set foot in the cabin; [NAME] put it there. Just makes it creepy.
~~Comrade~~ [NAME] I'm appalled that you would accuse me of using performance enhancing drugs. Neigh! Neigh I say!
i ended up shoeless making me feel even more vulnerable and slowing me down further
i had to cut the lines to make it fit making it sound a bit rushed lets all make believe that that rushed feeling is actually a frantic feeling that was entirely deliberate shall we
Wall St is scared of the 2020 Democratic primary.. Good!
What’s the clip from? I’m scared to put “teen boy good kisser 900 number” into YouTube
i didnt have to convince myself he was my soulmate and i feel very reluctant to use that word regarding him because my chemistry with him actually is unlike anything ive ever experienced
Report her to the police. Physical threats are a no-no.
One of the scariest things about being in a cult is that you don't realize you're in a cult.
i feel acclimated like i am finally a part of this organization rather than a timid observer
i lie in bed my legs are in constant motion i feel i am out of control as they have to be shaken or tapped or just doing something
i do feel weird why seldom people eat at there
i don t know i feel confused
Watch [NAME] left arm and hand as he's on the floor. Scary.
i need her and offers valuable constructive advice when i feel unsure or negative about my writing
i feel like there must be more to life than this and i m afraid there isn t
i dont want to make a bad impression with my new co workers in both my job or my lab simply because i just feel so insecure and agitated all the time
i also feel vulnerable being left on the bed in virtual silence
i feel so insecure about my writing
i drove to class i was feeling a little apprehensive but still no sweat
im feeling a little apprehensive about tomorrows weigh in
i can feel their afraid
I'm working on it. But there is always the fear lurking around....
i find when i look at things in this way i deal with the situation better and do not feel as agitated
ill smoke a few cigarettes because im feeling a little nervous
i woke up on the sofa feeling extremely agitated around pm
i wanna tell you how i feel but im scared
i could feel my tremors coming on and i started to get real shaky
i went but i did feel shaky
i have just had such a crappy week that i am still feeling all agitated and like the day wasn t what i wanted
i woke up feeling alarmed
This is a terrible idea
i only have to think about a high school experience and i instantly feel like that shy confused and terrorised teenager again
i can hear the hum you make at the feeling of my warmth and my legs shift a little in a strange need
THERE'S A WAR COMING, NED. I DON'T KNOW WHEN, I DON'T KNOW WHO WE'LL BE FIGHTING...BUT IT'S COMING!
i am feeling incredibly restless
i would have wasted time and money and i just feel really pressured because i dont want to do that
i guess these expectations of me being so goddamn perfect have made me feel afraid to change
i am very fascinated by it and don t feel so uptight by the many challenges life has because of it
i really do feel for kids who are tortured in highschool
i wake up always feeling anxious not knowing why
i feel like a snow globe that has been all shaken up and i m still waiting for the dust to settle
ive decided to intentionally make it easier on myself even though it makes me feel wimpy admitting that is the reason but this girl does have to work a day job
I'm really worried :( I sent a DM to them, I hope they will be okay...
im done with putting up with this constant bullying because that is what it is when you feel threatened and constantly on the defensive and i am tired of constantly defending myself to others
i guess just like a porn star looking at a inch rubber dong i m feeling a bit hesitant about the whole thing
i feel tortured with tiredness everyday
i enjoyed today because hes a darling but its a long time since ive backed a horse and i have to admit to feeling a little hesitant as to where to go from here
i went to the doctor a few days into feeling weird
i just feel more vulnerable than other people
i think i m also feeling restless
i am still feeling somewhat intimidated but i guess by being safe and cautious and fully aware then i will be ok
i feel quite uncertain that the art i create and my personal brand of creative living are what im here to contribute
i feel a strange disconnect
i am feeling afraid cos he isnt answering me again
i understand the feeling of a writer unsure of his skill unsure of his audience wondering if he has wasted hours and hours of his life making marks on a page
I'm scared to do these cuz the S.A.G.E. told me I was a transvestite
I have a moronphobia. I'm going to need to ask you to step away as I have an irrational fear and distaste of you.
i really cant count the number of times i cried feeling overwhelmed by someones expression of concern or just by the very fact that they were thinking of me
i feel so because i feel reluctant
i think that however nice these people are they make you feel paranoid that you are doing something wrong
i frantically try to get it done and now feel frantic as i walk in the studio
i feel afraid to have a voice and im just a guest
im feeling really shaken up today my stomach hurts ibleeditout i ran into some friends and kodi has been a complete brat
i just repeat it again and again until i feel myself become less afraid
[NAME] looked terrible that game. I was really hoping to be wrong but he came just as advertised by Hawks fans
I was afraid things would if we kept seeing each other, which is why I brought this up to her now rather than later.
Scary times we live in.
i feel like i can take on the world and even if it says no to me i wont be afraid and will not be discouraged
i feel like im too frickin uptight to let loose enough to love anyone else or more importantly myself
i want to talk to you about but with the limited time we have on the phone and with our current arrangment i feel hesitant to bring it up
i know and trust how i feel but i generally shy away from it with strangers
I don't wish abortions on any woman. It's a terrible thing to endure. Necessary, sure, but it's still grim.
Goosebumps had the same take on those too. Those books used to scare the shit out of me
ive been feeling immensely overwhelmed
Seeing people overtaking on the right makes me anxious.
the possibility of having failed the examination
I was petrified...
i dont mean that id like to chicken out but i am feeling more insecure about myself and maybe doubting the fact that i should be able to run km tomorrow
i feel out of place posting here since i feel so hesitant to join aa full force but i could use some insight from the people on the inside
i dont think he is being honest with me about a lot of things i could be wrong here but i keep feeling skeptical about certain things after everytime i hang out with him
i spent my vacation from school feeling confused and heartbroken
i know my best friend thinks i m a legend xd she tells me i m hilarious and a badass when most of the time i feel like a wimpy dork
i feel like the earthquake has also shaken the foundations of my life and work
i feel afraid i hold tighter to my faith and i live one more day and i make it through the rain
ill feel uncomfortable although i always heard people or friends around calling their loved one honey babe my angel darling peaches pickle gt
i feel more excitment than reluctant xdd hohoho looking foward tmr xd cya tmr
I thought this was a torb skin and I was about to die
i was tossing and turning and feeling very anxious about the fact that i was not doing this work that i felt needed to be done
i feel uncertain and uneasy
i do not see but could feel that she is someone i am very reluctant to let go
i feel quite nervous and scared too x scared cos ill be taking the plane back to singapore on my own cos i cant stay as long as my two other friends have planned t
i stop learning or if i am feeling inhibited my performance flounders
i was listening to belle and sebastian feeling agitated
i do not feel frantic
i asked feeling hesitant
im feeling kinda shaky my mind is full of doubt good luck love you
i as many others are feeling helpless that we as a world can not hold the grieving parents hands especially the mothers and grandmothers of nigeria as they desperately wait for assistance to have their girls return back home safely and let their laughter ring out through their home once again
Don't forget colors. They panic at the sight of a chess board.
i just cant help it from feeling so insecure
im wrong but i have a feeling the studio was reluctant to give clint money to fund a movie from the perspective of the japanese
i need to manage my spending money more wisely but im feeling uncertain and stressed as of late
im feeling intimidated by my own achievements
what are you scared of!
i can t help myself from feeling a bit apprehensive in the meantime
i am not a very extremely good friend of someone of course i feel reluctant to some extent if i have to do favours for that someone
Philanthropy really scares some people, doesn't it? People did this to [NAME] too.
i think we often feel this way about planting ourselves where we are deeply terrified that if we go too deep into the ground it will be hard to get out again
i didnt feel pressured to do more or like he wont get anything out of the one day
i can t stop thinking about it i feel paranoid like they re judging me i know they re probably now but i just feel that way
i feel uncertain if the most of similar families can be reached the uncertainty does not preclude us from serving those we can in the meantime while discovering the ways to reach the others
Why did she get married if she did not love him? Aren't you afraid the same thing wil happen to you?
i think my hair is feeling confused
i appreciate not having to do it but it feels so strange to be sitting around not packing when a move is so close
i was told to do it continues and the fact i feel fear frightened correction terrified of what is next
ive gotten so used to hearing from david all the time i havent heard a lot from him tonight he stayed over last night and as a result im feeling a little paranoid
im feeling a bit scared to consider putting myself out there by posting my work on a website frequented by professional artists but i decided to suck it up be a big girl and ask for feedback
i was starting to feel alarmed
i feel restless otherwise known as useless or lazy when i take long breaks from writing
i seriously feel uncomfortable
i was feeling restless when i stepped into the kitchen to whip up this crunchy sweet treat
OMG the bra hanging out of the back of that dress is so cringe.
i always feel very threatened by her when it comes to guys cox you no she gets a lot of contact with the guys i like like my first and bf
ive spent way too much time feeling pain to the point that im frightened to leave myself open to it
That movie really scared me when I was a kid.
It was a few years ago now, I’m afraid I don’t have it or I would.
That opening is quite terrible tbh
i love this because to me it should leave the reader feeling confused and slightly deceived
im feeling pressured because it is crunch time with looming deadlines once i hit the airport thursday i know ill be too busy to worry with the other items for a few days
i feel terrified because even if i have the time to write out how i feel about mr
i can remember a year ago yesterday feeling so unsure so scared of what our future held
i get involved into a tale of good versus evil i want to feel afraid of the dark to a certain extent
im still feeling a bit shaken up
i don t like feeling vulnerable or exposing all my worries and concerns mostly because i have felt the need to hold it together to be the strong one
i wish i could say fuck you to people who make me feel insecure for ever to have existed
i am so very tired and feeling overwhelmed with my everyday responsibilities which brings me to the point of this post
i have no doubt they would dial feeling threatened
I was trying to make the point that the patient is still having a seizure; it's just not visible because they are paralyzed.
i like to look at this ring when im feeling doubtful or down and it reminds me that honestly i dont have any regrets and i know im where im suppose to be
i thought id try to demonstrate the difference as i know if i hadnt seen it for myself i may still be feeling doubtful
Worried it will be taken off the table?
i almost feel startled
i definitely felt scared which made me feel vulnerable and i hated that
i al feeling rather agitated and i am not totally sure where it is coming from
i feel uncertain about
i feel really overwhelmed with mine
i probably love a handful of friends too but i always feel a bit strange when describing this as love
i feel the reader will get confused with because it bounces and uses references from its earliest time period which is like the dawn of time till now
i am not a regular member of this group meaning that i do not follow whats going on very often and also i feel a bit shy in budding in when i do not have much to say but today i have a request for you people
I don’t understand your question, why are you nervous if you are happy with the arrangement and he seems interested?
i have grown accustomed to the creative freedom of living by myself i can dance around my house and write songs and play guitar without feeling inhibited by the eyes and ears of others
i feel my heart shaky all the time now
People tremble in fear of the name Rupple Poopels 😂
i began to feel strange i thought to myself here it comes
i feel distraught as ever
i feel the self pressured expectation to keep up to date with our family events so in order to assuage the guilt here we go
i do find myself feeling anxious seeing what everyone else is doing and feeling that i am not up to part with my peers and or i am stagnate
i will confess to you i have had moments of feeling overwhelmed and ill admit being a bit melancholy
i have to admit i am feeling a bit intimidated by the challenge of
i feel a little paranoid that i may forget what ive learnt
i would feel helpless feeling of wronged frustrated and misunderstood
i want to not feel shy with them i want to have fun with them
i joke about her leaving me or tell her that i know shes going to fall in love with the city the country the people and never come back theres a place deep in my mind parallel to the empty sick feeling in my stomach that is terrified she really wont come back
i am feeling very fearful that things arent going to go the way i want them to with my ex
i still feel like i got hit by a car i walked away only shaken up and not seriously damaged
> So basically, if you're responsible with guns, you have nothing to worry about. I'm worried about *other people* not being responsible with guns.
that's horrifying
i feel today is any indication of the next week its doubtful that there will be much energy left for more than a low key new years eve party
i feel a timid six other times a wise sixty six
No. It’s creepy.
i started to feel alarmed the voices were so noisy that i actually couldnt listen to my own thoughts
i have the feeling i am going to be tortured tonight
i was playing with friends then i decided to splash some sand into a car which was moving nearby the driver got angry and came to report to my parents
I visibly recoiled from that.
i am beginning to feel startled by how little of last week i remember
i will say that a little piece of me feels agitated when i watch discussions on race and there will i style color font family georgia serif font size px line height
i feel a little less fearful about it
ive been feeling a little frantic recently because our summer together is flying by so quickly
i quickly learned just by moving from sauna to ice cold bath to steam room to shower until you feel like a tortured goldilocks who wants nothing more than to find the middle ground between too hot and too cold
i remember waking up feeling anxious and excited to read the bible its amazing how god will change your desires
i get this gut feeling or am i just being paranoid
i think browsers are more comfortable in my booth if all my attention is not focused on them and they don t feel pressured to make a purchase
i feel reluctant to join the class trip to beijing
im going to be honest with you i feel distraught
i remind myself or am reminded of my passions and opinions i just feel incredibly agitated and frustrated there is this ball of energy with no channel to travel
i will be able to lay on my bed in the dark and not feel terrified at least for a while
i also told my cousin that i feel like the other family members do not know how to talk to me or are afraid to talk to me
i try that i just feel that im being judged by eyes that only see me as a weird and vain bastard who thinks so much of himself
i feel so distraught and sad
She reminds me of my crazy sister. Just a ball of nervousness and constantly just on the verge of crying.
i visit m ller in my country and go to the expensive make up stands the sales assistants are always standing right next to me and looking at me like im going to steal something so i feel really uncomfortable shopping there
It still seems dangerous
i feel strange coming back to work after my one day holiday
i feel intimidated to go there again at that time for fear it will happen again
when i nearly caused a traffic accident with my car
i necessarily believe in the power of rape whistles but i never got one and i feel grossly unprotected by my campus
i didn t feel like she was shy so much as taking it all in as her mother has described her
im back with another skincare review well actually i feel reluctant to make a review of sectret key snail egf repairing gel cream because i even stopped using it switched back to my second jar of a href http sparkleapple
What a terrible list
i feel suspicious if there is no one outside like the rapture has happened or something
i am left feeling unsure and confused
I'm worried he's too small. I love his quickness, but sub-170 is scary for a guy that'll be running over the middle.
im feeling paranoid already
He had been so worried that the stepmom would have a hard time integrating into the family.
i feel vulnerable as i did very much yesterday i cant say i felt a strong sense of self worth but maybe according to brown i could get better at accepting those vulnerable imperfect aspects of myself
That sounds awful. Do you like that schedule?
i feel very nervous
i have to have it done but i feel terrified of another intrusion to my body
That seems real terrible, does that actually work? Negs should usually be playful at worst.
i nearly called an ambulance feel a bit shaken up saw the doc who has given me some diazepam which im not sure of takeing
That’s scary
i get the feeling people think im indecisive and childish which isnt entirely true not to the degree that i show it anyway
i am no longer red it feels weird
i start feeling anxious again
i hope i would be able to understand and not make my friend feel pressured into doing anything they did not want to do
im getting the feeling that my classes are a little intimidated by the concept of a lit
i get a slightly warm feeling coming over me and a strange sense of completeness like the feeling you get right afterwards except it s coupled with those thoughts of a one night stand in which you sobered up before she left in the morning
i remember feeling paranoid
i feel fearful and then actually do that one thing it usually turns out to be a good thing
i feel pressured when people say im going t beat you or whatever
You nailed the crazy eyes. She scary.
Phone calls are the ultimate nightmare !!
this is my worst fear
i do feel a bit fearful that he might be feeling stressed to be drinking so much
i feel uptight my day is complete when hes around i feel so right a little nervs i dream about what we can do date and all the things we can pursue wedding i always dream that your mine very day min
Sure hope #4 includes subsidized housing. I'm terrified.
But now we're stressed out.
i feel skeptical about it
i feel helpless at the same time wherein practically no other option than to just sit and watch the drama
General population are scared of press
i can tell you that i feel oddly vulnerable and disjointed and like i just dont want to come out and play a lot of the time
i actually feel frightened of people here right now
The only flight delay I’ve had at slc is because there was too much rain at lax
i feel a strange sense of foreboding
i dont show my insecurity in my persona if not i might come off as a mad bitch whod practically hated on everyone just because shes feeling insecured and being too overly paranoid
i was feeling really emotionally distraught and unable to concentrate
i neither ask for nor deserve to feel frightened when any kook puts me in danger for any reason
im feeling a bit neurotic that ill lose my job
im one of girl who feel insecure about herself always
i feel like a lot of people are intimidated by false lashes because it seems like a largely unnecessary process during your makeup routine
I’m to scared to tell them :(
Looks like they did it to scare everyone else on the road as a dominance game.
i feel uncertain and not entirely safe
i feel so doubtful about myself ever since i took this job
i was feeling more than a little apprehensive as i was traveling on an emergency issued passport kindly supplied by the british consulate in los angeles a week ago
i cant stop talking even though im already feel weird uncomfortable feeling swarming me but still my mouth keeps saying unnecessary word
i feel strange being thankful when such awful things on the other sides of the oceans that surround that country happen on a daily basis
i sit here tonight i m pensive tense and feeling a little fearful
i heard it somehow it brings me good feeling strange
i keep feeling weird sensations img src http s
Only 22? Weak.
It makes me super fucking nervous edit: was able to buy temple at +1 fuck it lets ride
i stare and feel utterly helpless
I'm more worried about him scamming children than "oNLY" scamming them into thinking they'll get $100.
im not as mad and upset as i was on day but i feel scared now
[NAME] was autistic BOOM
i am normally better at avoiding the expensive pre packaged products when i go to waitrose but i was still feeling a bit shaken up from the parking issues so bought some extra bits to calm my nerves
It's weird. You might be right to worry.
i also feel strange that by the ripe old age of twenty three i want a goddamn life partner
im feeling quite distressed about the amount of horses whose jaws are jammed shut with what i consider to be excessive nosebands along with a considerable amount of metal in their mouths
i can describe what happens to me is that i feel shaky
i came away from the experience feeling rather confused and it left a sour taste in my mouth
Classic Trap game... I'm nervous. Hope our boys aren't hungover.
i do for a living and lately more often than not both me and my wife who s also an ubuntu user have been feeling a bit uncertain about linux being the platform where we want to keep working
i feel skeptical about the sustainability of that
i do feel a little bashful about it
>It would also open the possibility of selling the [NAME] arms, I guess. That would be a terrible idea.
i find them downright amusing but other times i feel slugged in that vulnerable spot knowing that i ll never have a daughter
i dont know why but i feel emotionally assaulted by this fact
Seeing that knife on this subreddit put the fear of [NAME] in me
i am feeling completely overwhelmed i have two strategies that help me to feel grounded pour my heart out in my journal in the form of a letter to god and then end with a list of five things i am most grateful for
im still feeling shaky i realized that i felt intolerably hot all the time which i may mention is the polar opposite of what i normally feel like
i shouldn t feel so apprehensive
i said im only pages and this book feels so tortured and you can really feel the pain of the characters
i think back i feel like ive been spending a lot of time running around aimlessly unsure of where im going or why im doing this
Conversion to make gay people straight. It's horrifying
Not the right sub, I'm afraid.
i am so thankful that though things are a bit overwhelming he has sent people into our lives to help me not feel so neurotic
i had been feeling scared about being an ra because there is a lot of work that goes into that job
i was feeling doubtful and sad about the relationship i have with this man
You've aged horribly'
i don t feel like i m being pressured to do anything and i don t feel like making love to my husband has any connection to the assaults and rapes
i just feel terrified like im on the edge of a precipice staring ahead
i don t want anyone to feel inhibited if their bodies are not typical ballet bodies
i feel a bit afraid of not thin and thin i would like to know is elevated thyroid hormone eat less because of the movement to improve the metabolism or drug but that still in the normal range within the distressed in the end because of hyperthyroidism thin or i was really healthy thin
i feel less intimidated with her here to help
i have a feeling something startled her but either way she started on my shoulder and ended up across the room a very slow flutter mind you
I like [NAME] and would like to see him back, but he still makes me nervous at a high price too.
i feel that uncertain should be a better communicator
i feel threatened by anyone i get this feeling that i want to kill someone
To make her feel threatened
i couldn t turn my head away even when i feel frightened
i had climbed on a cherry tree alone and there was a thick caterpillar beside my fingers i feel disgusted by caterpillars and snakes i was terribly afraid of the caterpillar crawling on my fingers out of the fear i was almost unable to climb down
That live snail got me freaked
im so stoned on endorphin that all i can feel is my leg muscles seizing into petrified meat
When I drove refers I was always afraid this would happen to me. I always shut my doors I'm just a worrier
i didnt say was that strong feelings always make me skeptical at first
i am feel overwhelmed
The history of horrible things the federal government has done is well documented. The same way the federal government does it, with income taxes.
i was feeling abnormally wimpy so i staked out my bird feeder
ive been feeling restless in my career
Acestream is a great tool, just a shame that it's closed source, makes it a bit scarier for me to use.
i get the feeling she doesnt really want to talk to me now so im hesitant on what to do from now on
i feel very distressed because i m supportive of this campaign and with the senator jackson told cnn
i have times when i feel insecure
>[NAME] One of the most horrifying stories I've ever heard of: the mom should be in psychiatric care and the doctor thrown in jail IMO.
i are feeling somewhat indecisive about what we want to do to celebrate our anniversary
i think that our favorite activities as a child are often very telling and if someone is feeling a little unsure about their life s direction going back to those childhood favorite past times holds many rich clues
i feel so helpless because i dont know what more to do
Don't worry, when you turn 20 you'll look back and cringe, too.
i feel weird about my self this doesn t feel like me
i feel so weird that it feels like i wanna curse everything and bang my head onto the wall so that my world will be back to its focus
i started feeling reluctant to go because i wanted to spend some time with my family before i left
i honestly feel a bit pressured she just made a post on a photo stating she wanted to have giant beers soon and i dont even know what to say
i feel shy when people reading these but i am writing it here so brothers and sisters would see how real life works
i already feel like im being tortured by not having any
im just feeling bashful whenever i talk to you
i feel strange putting a review in this post so ill keep it brief
i feel pressured at times to succumb to fear and insecurities but thankfully i am still able to hold it on my own
i feel tortured when i hear them talk or sing or laugh or cry
i have to go to a meeting and i m sleepy a lot of times i will fall asleep in that meeting or i will fight to stay awake and i feel like i m being tortured to stay awake
The dryer sounds like a fire hazard to me.
i feel so helpless but so well protected
Damn, that's dark
im feeling a lil restless about axel
i am feeling very restless irritable and discontent
i was sleep was vey irritable and feeling paranoid because i work the oncology dpt of a hospital and feeling paranoiud cancer and through chemo
i would feel fearful of being killed by other mistresses
i feel a little bit anxious about it
i do sometimes feel as if i am a little unsure of who i am and how independent i really am
i also feel overwhelmed by to do lists
im feeling so so insecure
i always think say now feel a little hesitant i always think say now feel a little hesitant posted on may th by admin
Confirmation sounds really scary and sketchy. I can not not think about cults and rituals everytime...
i feel like the town loner with all of the things i ll need that day in a suspicious bag
on a dark night i felt that there were several people near me and i did not know who they were
yeah, there's even more registered online. scary.
i had all of those. checked myself with a GP and found out i had low iron, migraines and needed to visit the therapist re my anxiety.
i quite dig the subdued tone and plot direction i feel a reluctant emotional bond with the show
i am feeling very shaky
i move in to sit real close close enough to smell the cherry candy you ve been sucking on close enough to feel nervous
i compare your beauty i feel unsure where to begin to angels or nature or what
I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.
i could sense that he was uncomfortable when he came to deliver the letter but i was willing to attribute to him feeling weird about being so romantic and vulnerable
Oh true I remember seeing it on Spotify’s charts for weeks. It’s terrible.
Idk I’d kind of like [NAME] to come up next year. [NAME] still scares me a little. Not saying I don’t like the guy
i always feel very afraid as i work on books egan tells kurt
i feel really wimpy saying it but
The original Halloween movie is still the scariest film I have ever seen. Being chased by [NAME] in this game is terrifying.
It’s harder when you have kids with the partner.
i do not know that he simple feelings i am startled by startled though he did not understand the words but i was feeling his words there are overtones green ink why suddenly say
im feeling shy to approach them
i know i can do it and in fact that i will but i feel terrified that the stories won t be as good as they could be and that any readers that i can actually convince to buy the book will read it and hate it and never want to read anything by me again
i feel like ive been shaken around a thrown down
The secondhand panic and embarrassment I feel from this is astounding
i start feeling myself getting overwhelmed or frustrated i have tried to open up more about it instead of pushing it down deep slapping on a fake smile and waiting until i boil over
i feel suspicious of innanimate objects and as though my house is actually the set of a play or a movie or some kind of model of itself and how did i come to be here and why is that carpet looking up at me like that
i am just kind of left feeling insecure and uneasy in my own skin
im feeling very uptight right now
Acne scars unfortunately and also out of anxiety I tend to pick at my skin.
Reminds me of [NAME] from the documentary THIN who purged food through a feeding tube in her stomach. This sounds dangerous.
i didnt feel scared at all
i go on these walks with my mother in the evenings i feel this frantic anxious energy from her as if shes losing her daughter and doesnt know how to win her back
i feel like a reluctant queen tasked to rule over a nation of miscreants who are exactly like me
that day humanity received a grim reminder
i was so nervous all i remember is my heart beating loudly and feeling insecure as others watched me from off stage
i have the power to make another do what i want but in reality feel threatened and desire to control this other person so i am not a href https eqafe
i feel bashful under his teasing scrutiny
i think even as christians our trust and assurance in the lord is weak when we feel the most helpless
i came up with the following i m drawing a blank as to what this is called to help me when i am feeling fearful or attacked
i sort of feel a bit unsure now as to what to touch upon next
Fear mongering.
I told their kid that it was okay to be upset. (He was anxious and I was validating his feelings.)
im still feeling indecisive im polling yall p
Just imagine Disney characters without gloves. Yes it's that horrifying
I'm scared to even ask my mom ,I might get yelled at 😟
i have crossed over and i am on safe footing yet still feel this way fearful for the unknown shaky uncertain
watching [NAME] attempt hook shots gives me a panic attack, even when he makes them (which is rare)
I'd worry about traffic more than the TSA.
That’s horrible. Only religion could make an otherwise normal person want to show a torture and murder video to a child.
i feel indecisive it feels like the security that i usually feel from sensing the ground beneath my feet is suddenly gone and i am left feeling wobbly and unhappy
All of season 6 is terrible
i feel anguish for a family that was assaulted raped and systematically assassinated by u
i had horrible anxiety dreams every night last week and it made me feel really paranoid and of course all of that reading about conspiracy theories and unsolved crimes online didnt hugely help matters
i feel intimidated like i just want to turn around and head back into the safety of my yoga class or hop on the tried and trusty treadmill
i feel absolutely overwhelmed by it
Well I'm scared as shit let's hope for the best, benz should be back(?)
Yikes. That sounds terrible 😢
i feel really strange without my bangs and sometimes i want just to cut my hair
im not sure why i always feel reluctant to write nutrition health posts but i decided that those days are over
Same here, i hope my upcoming trip is gonna kill me
i feel like by being so timid ive lost a lot of opportunities to make connections with people that ive wished id made connections with
I have no confidence to boost
i feel intimidated by other girls acne getting rid of pimples
i feel scared and stupid
im so excited but feeling kind of shy about it smile
i started feeling doubtful so i just sat in my seat disappointed
i had a go at it it said i was feeling paranoid lol
i dont know where and when i can feel the thrill and im scared that im going to miss it
i reached down to feel what that strange sensation was and i felt something there
Could you imagine? That would be so terrible for viewers. 😂
This is scary.
i feel like that nurse reluctant to know where to start but optimistic that we can do one thing to help
im feeling a bit apprehensive about it as i dont know if my little note cards will stand out from the mass of talent on etsy
i feel myself uncertain as to the next step to take
i began to feel agitated slightly dizzy amp very hungry
i am i cant help but feel skeptical about the whole thing
i am feeling terrified anxious excited and apprehensive among a million other things
i feel like its at times like these when things seem a little more uncertain that i thank god more for the small things
I’m dreading when it happens during our games for the title
ive been feeling a little overwhelmed about the whole thing lately but somehow the small step of finding out where my lectures will be has helped a bit
i may be having a constant dullness and heaviness over my heart that makes me feel restless bored and unsatisfied however i know very well that such feelings are evoked by the time of the month
i went to pick up the kids feeling scared and trembly and very self critical for my stupidity
i found myself feeling inhibited and shushing her quite a lot
The biggest Nightmare
i know i probably shouldnt write with that sort of angry passion here on the blog but i never want to feel inhibited on what i can and cannot post
i love taking in peoples smiles the way children giggle the gorgeous way little ones move closer to their moms if strangers smile at them and they feel scared the way teenagers are boisterous and full of life and hopes
i feel like im a shy enormous pink flamingo man
That sounds terrible.
i would feel timid wearing them beacuse id try to not get them dirty etc
i am feeling suspicious lj cut text suspicions
i was okay but thats an awful feeling to be falling with no way to stop it maybe thats why to this day im so afraid of falling
NEXT TIME! ON THE CURSE OF OAK ISLAND!
i would have liked to go but that i wouldnt leave without reason because that would feel highly uncomfortable
i had this strange feeling that she was incredibly distressed
ive got all those books and i feel reluctant to sell them
i am feeling pressured and backed into a corner
i am feeling a bit apprehensive about carrying an amount this large without any protection
i feel we should not be threatened by the idea of caring and should care far more often
same but with panic at the disco
i just remember feeling so much pain and being confused and scared and convinced that i could not do this
i got home i started to feel weird
i realised i only hate people because i feel threatened by them
i dont know if i feel apprehensive about it or apathetic
Absolutely brutal.
i told dh i was feeling internally shaky
im sure ill also feel a bit nervous
i asked feeling slightly wimpy
goat handshake denied Personally, I just think [NAME] was scared of touching such a relic as is [NAME] hand
i am a bit out of my comfort zone too and im feeling a tad apprehensive
lol ok good. You had me worried that there was something I should have known about.
What is with the pet worship? Should be more worried about your elderly relatives.
i am feeling shaky all day too
i told him that maybe i just need time to think how ive been feeling indecisive about things lately
Definitely accurate, lasted about a month total in a Disney “internship” program... was more like slavery. Terrible experience that ruined Disney for me
First I was afraid, I was petrified...
i love him but i feel threatened with him around a little
i guess i am just feeling slightly shaken at this sudden news
i purposely put that statement in the negative to show that im now feeling gun shy
Those things still haunt my dreams to this day.
i feel like i m in a frantic race with the clock and i can t figure out why
im guessing with everyone standing there she was feeling timid about moving through the crowd again
I'm actually scared to find out what kind of thing you could get for breakfast there. I won't check.
im off to the big city solo for what im afraid is going to be six days of wandering around lost six days of feeling uncomfortable six days of not knowing how to dress six days of not knowing what to do six days of not knowing where to eat six days of disaster disaster disaster
i feel scared rather than curl up like a threatened porcupine
i feel like a wimpy blubbering fool right now
nearly choked on my chicken breast
i hate that feeling when im about to do something then i get scared and almost turn around and walk away
i feel kinda apprehensive
i still feel uncertain with many new paths i must travel and as lost as i feel sometimes i am sure heavenly father is lifting me up and helping me to feel joy in the things that matter most
i would feel strange describing it but if anyone is interested let me know and i will add it
ive had a few moments the past couple of days were i feel so restless like i need to be moving around constantly
I am practicing an speech for tonight when he drops by to see my dad. I am every level of nervous.
i am not even sure how to formulate my thoughts since i just put it down and am feeling slightly overwhelmed
Looks like the next level of a horror character
i feel pretty weird blogging about deodorant but im a bit of a deodorant snob and find it really hard to find a good one
This is the most scary [NAME] can ever be to me, cause it’s also the most real he could ever be 😂
i have had a lot of uncaring men in my life and it still feels strange to have several that call come by and reach out to me when i am at my weakest moments
My biggest fear is catching feelings. I got dangerously close once lol. It’s just about self control.
I got mine a few months ago and honestly apprehensive to wear it out to a game in fear of staining it.
i run to him when i feel threatened and insecure
i began to kiss her again she slowly started lifting her head and feel suspicious
i finished blogging i was feeling shaky and checked my level to see a
i remember feeling terrified around plants back when i was a kid
i continue to feel nervous inside and long to talk sensibly even just one time around someone its so wrong to have these feelings for on so many levels i have no clue
i am working on one thing that i feel unsure of completing
Nervously laughs in anxiety
I feel terrible but I do this too, or watch obese people doing mukbangs
Something would go terribly wrong for [NAME] causing him to have to leave. It’s how his ability works.
i felt like spock amongst a world of humans it was difficult for me to reciprocate feelings for someone because i was so terrified of being hurt and i refused to let other people into my world
i feel like people seem to be intimidated by me or this blog
i do my best but it feels uncomfortable
Honestly scared to see what happens
i think that they pop up so automatically because seeing those pictures or people makes me feel insecure about myself
Damn she might have actually had a stroke if she started panicking
i said feeling a little shaky as i stared at the ocean from which the goddess was rising not knowing why
i have the capacity for great care and compassion as well as the ability to bite metaphorically speaking when i feel threatened
i started to develop feelings for you they scared me and i freaked out but you promised me that i was safe
i feel helpless as her mother i should be able to take the pain away as a small child i could do this but she is a young adult now the same age i was when i had her and it hurts to see her in pain
i do actually feel frightened having seen what my mother went through in her treatment for a malignant melonoma
Oh lord, we're about to have a hell of an offseason
What a weird and slightly creepy thing to come to mind as a reaction to this video. /s Edit: apparently indicating my sarcasm was necessary here.
i wrote it feels slightly strange starting to write this about cambodia as i sit in lax airport waiting to bi
i do however feel myself feeling a bit reluctant
i almost started to feel like wimpy from the popeye cartoons
i have a feeling of being scared but also knowing that i am in for some really big changes in my mind body and spirit
i feel uptight is it any wonder i dont know whats right
i try not to make anyone feel uncomfortable
im feeling a combination of terrified and relieved
Ugh I live in WA state and now I'm scared I'm going to get measles even though I'm vaccinated, I hate anti-vaxxers
i still have cramps plus i get really dizzy when i stand up and my whole body is aching and i just generally feel extremely uncomfortable
Either way, I am afraid his marriage is over. She doesn't respect him anymore...
i could feel myself getting that shaky feeling
Power trip blindness is scary; how someone can't see the obvious aftermath of acting like this with their employees?
My dosage was increased 2 weeks ago and I've noticed the issues getting worse. With your comment, I'm really leaning towards them being side effects.
i was a child this song makes me smile because i was brought up the mediterranean because you only love the sea when you feel it in your bones when it makes you frightened and when it surprise you every day somehow so many ways
i am not wishing november away or trying to forget about thanksgiving but i need to be mindful of what really matters when i feel overwhelmed
i just feel so unsure of myself and everything in my life
That was an horrendous season to an otherwise amazing show
i was catapulted back into feeling more terrified of people than i had been in awhile
i feel a little bit weird
[NAME] and [NAME] for [NAME] then sign [NAME] afraid this battle station is fully operational
You are not wrong. I have learned about myself alot while on drugs. Sometimes it's scarry when i find out how limited my mind is.
i think this is really great having been in situations where i feel overtly threatened in a public place where everyone pretends they don t see what s happening
This looks like don't hug me I'm scared
i sometimes feel shy about my musical taste because some of it wanders towards what some might call techno slander
[NAME] was the same in Crestwood. Scary as hell.
i think the sooner we do the better well all feel greg im already in a distressed mood mom
I have seen this gif like once a week for a year, and I still cringe every time.
My only issue is he keeps blowing draft picks on QB’s that are terrible.
Threaten to release....welp , nothing coming from this.
i have never made the first step because the guys were alway faster this is why this situation is making me feel very unsure and elusively shy
i was beginning to think that i had been cut from the ranks of the frugal antics improv challenge and was beginning to feel a bit insecure about my first entry last month
Cheese Most of my friends love cheese so much that I’m scared to tell them that I can barely even bring myself to eat it
i wasnt sure if i could be concerned when there were people around me feeling incredibly apprehensive some turning back while i may as well have been dancing up the cliff face
> i find it very dog-like and adorable :) I find it very monster-like and terrifying :|
i feel scared when my father suddenly opens a door
i feel agitated she said and we continued on to the corner of main and hastings where we saw three or four cops in the middle of a take down and my friend who has an anxiety disorder insisted we get on the wrong bus just to get away
i am feeling very anxious and frustrated right now
i hope to god it is a false reading because i feel so unprotected without him
for a moment i got scared and wondered what was this doing here then i read the happy ending
i am thrilled for a lot of these things i feel petrified
Maybe check the song title one more time chief. Love the song tho. Also today’s a Scared of the Dark kind of day for me
This is so scary but true
i was feeling extremely agitated after coming home from china
i began the day feeling intimidated courthouses are designed to intimidate but ended the day cheerfully chatting with the judge in his chambers
Watching it deteriorate into a horrific dystopia. Healthcare costs. Dental. Low wages.
I was afraid of that .
i feel so vulnerable and yet so protective over her
i guess i feel insecure and anxious
It literally just happened. I'll talk to them when I get a chance but my heart dropped for sure.
i find myself feeling agitated because of how what the kids are playing i ask myself did i play this way when i was little
i had begun to feel apprehensive when thick black rain clouds stormed into the sky above town
i realized that when i let my mind race and i start to feel restless i get the desire to smoke
i can also song write without feeling all bashful about it and play music and my guitars without anyone telling me to turn it down
i do these days that makes me feel a little uncertain about the future the pressures that pierce me deep the feeling of being completely isolated from the world i used to glory in and all the thrills that go with it
i was feeling extremely anxious
i am left feeling very confused and blah
i doubt theres any greater reluctance by federal authorities to employ tear gas and plain force if they feel threatened
im pretty sure of is this feeling inside me of being terrified
i feel helpless about not being able to help him in feeling better but do my best to encourage him and think positively as mom is doing
and everyone else is worried about themselves not paying attention to you
Putting your finger and a loose cloth inside the 3 jaw chuck to polish the inside is insanely dangerous
i seriously hate one subject to death but now i feel reluctant to drop it
i picked up feeling a little apprehensive
i have been feeling so overwhelmed lately
i have to admit i was feeling very skeptical
i feel that the very foundations of my faith have been shaken to the core
ive been feeling restless inside and i dont understand why
i have to report and suddenly your author feels bashful for his maniacal rants
I remember just feeling sick watching this, [NAME] made me cringe hard, I found [NAME] hilarious and ru looked terrible
im feeling quite agitated irritated amp annoyed
i feel like we are pressured into being young beautiful thin and depending on the trend having the girls rejuvenated or butt implants
i am sure feeling nervous about potential air raids from the luftwaffe
I had a panic attack when I saw that, thinking that I slept for 3 years and Hall was a Duck.
As a closing TM, that’s terrifying.
i feel reluctant to leave
i feel uncertain about something i will act in a more positive and powerful way
i hit the ground i feel daddy let go completely and i get terrified
i denied my feelings amp claimed that we were less than what we were cause i was hesitant to jump into anything new
i feel like a mouse among men perpetually terrified
i am angry that my employers do not invest in us at all training pay increases bank holidays and it feels like injustice so i feel helpless
i ended up eating lots of carbs on both days but i didn t feel as pressured to eat a bunch on the last day
i may trust my partner to look after me and my needs and those of our relationship i feel threatened because they arent in control of the situation and obviously neither am i
ah, ok! i'm afraid i do, i just didn't realise that's what it meant (so old i am going stupid....)
i could listen for hours without feeling either threatened or the slightest bit shocked
im most expressive when i feel distraught
i feel that i am getting more and more timid these days
i know i should just let the words flow like how they do when i blog but still i feel the pressure and that is making me unsure of my skills
i feel agitated i become easily overwhelmed
I was scared of my room and even when I fell asleep in my bed I would sleep walk into my mom's room
i bet taylor swift basks in the knowledge that the boys she writes songs about probably feel tortured
i wont go on about the anxieties i am feeling about this is being as neurotic as me about this
The faces in that drawing are kinda horrifying
[NAME] was horribly inconsistent this year
This is the most horrifying thing I've ever read on this thread. May you and your loved ones see this through safe and sound.
Only children are scared to take trains by themselves ...oh wait.
fear of thief
Guess we don't need to be afraid of hell, then, 'cause we can easily get out.
I haven't had class in three years and yet I've literally had this nightmare dozens of times.
im feeling a little shaky because im going to give a speech at jens retirement lunch shortly and i dont want to cry
I have. Here, its implying he wants to fuck the dog. The original the dog is just scared of him.
i still feel that i expect pieces of the world from him but im afraid to come close and place those expectations upon him again in fear that hell disappoint me
im feeling pretty paranoid and trying to cover the cash and protect my belongings it definitely felt like i was doing something i shouldnt be doing like money laundering or something
You know when I typed "legal tender" I had a horrible feeling I was going down a rabbit hole.
i dont know why i feel so unsure aout things and especially people
i would just go to the straight point rather than doing a defination of such as what is romance feeling or anger feeling or suspicious feelings
i feel paranoid thinking about it just looking out the window and feeling my insomnia creep up on me
i have had some very emotional nights of crying feeling unsure and angry
Yea I saw that...had me worried for a sec but I had no trouble at Delta
i could loose my job i would be so f amp ed for xmas i hate xmas i hate holidays i wish they would go away i feel nervous i feel sad what if i disappoint my family my friends
i feel like a person who tortured somebody because i like to see the fans confused and embarrassed at the same time
i was a mess completely stressed out feeling terrified of doing the wrong thing of mis stepping or of in any way dishonoring or upsetting my medicine family or any of the participants in the quest itself
Imagining doing something this drastic all alone is just... I can't fathom the anxiety. Man.
i am feeling quite anxious about it all
i had then these were truly terrifying and still feel shaken and uneasy because of them
i started feeling a bit alarmed but i was not afraid for some reason
i said without emotion while feeling a freaked out fearful anxiety welling up in my chest
i feel hesitant around it
when we stayed in vienna with our class
i am a bit too impractical in thoughts as i feel that makes life less doubtful
i feel paranoid because nobody is saying anything
Fear of awkward and inconvenient encounters. What can he do to you?
i don t understand why musicians sometimes feel inhibited
i reply feeling suspicious
i spend obsessing over my decisions and feeling anxious
Also the reason for last year, playing him as a cb was necessary but proven to be a terrible position to be in.
i feel like i cant afford to be afraid to show that i am sometimes weak to allow others to see me as anything less than the strong wife and mom that i feel i am
i like that i don t feel pressured yet i like spending time with him
im kind of feeling nervous and anxious about all the shit i have to do today
i think of who i have left to teach me about myself and i feel a little frightened at the thought that my family changes and moves away from some of the very things i need to know about in order to feel complete
i feel pressured in social situations yes but not as much anymore i love my body enough to not abandon it for the sake of someone else s beliefs
i almost didn t want to post these because i can sometimes feel intimidated by the amazingness of other mom bloggers who seem to have perfectly organized homes and entertained children
i feel very vulnerable about sharing things that i write but i hit the publish button anyway
i feel a remembrance of the strange by justin aryiku falls into the latter category
i am saying that i am feeling helpless now that i have to walk on toes
i was taunted by the ability of feeling threatened from weakness of frailty beneath this exterior of human existance lies a woman wanting nothing but a man needing his warmth and masculinity
i may be starting to feel paranoid or maybe insecure but im just a mere human being who yearns to be loved to be cared of and to be noticed
i feel uptight love had to show me one thing i was so right
Now I'm worried that cat will get salmonella :(
Good to hear that! I’ve seen many ppl trashing [NAME] customer service so I was kinda worried
im left feeling paranoid and like it keeps getting harder to feel happy
More worried about the multi-trillion dollars in entitlement programs than 5$ on a wall.
i am back in the shire and although it is lovely to be reunited with fields once more i am feeling a bit restless and missing london life
i also feel paranoid that everyone is listening to my phone conversations whats that all about
i feel so frightened i wanna run to you i wanna call but i ve been hit by lightning just can t stand up for falling apart can t see through this veil across my heart over you you ll always be the one you were the first you ll be the last
i was sent home still feeling a bit shaky and dizzy
i am feeling intimidated by all that work
I took a picture of a farmer treating his crops with roundup yesterday.. it was horrifying
i think if a poem doesn t put pressure on me i don t feel uncomfortable in the sense of feeling more than i can feel understanding more than i can understand loving more than i am able to be in love
i even feel strange if i forget a primer and put foundation on my bare skin
i spent much of the morning feeling like an impostor or a visitor in someone elses life and uncertain what if anything i should do next
i have already said i am one of many feeling threatened and attacked by the government and media of today and have had to look outside my own small life
i feel very apprehensive
i now feel compromised and skeptical of the value of every unit of work i put in
Kotaku never ceases to amaze me with the horrible decisions they make in posting stories that can ruin people's lives with no confirmation or validity.
i would constantly feel agitated
i managed to eat more than i usually can on race morning mostly because jon was there and i didnt feel quite as nervous
I was so scared to click that. Yet I did.
i have to admit i feel shaken up
i never feel hesitant or timid
i feel apprehensive about the ride ahead
i left feeling helpless and more than a little sad
i am too fragile to feel too vulnerable of pain and too easy for tears
i feel fearful seeing this bridge an emotional tith sam ath whose year old son died in the disaster told afp
i remember feeling really terrified when i was in brazil on a bus that was going up steep mountain hills on the side of the mountain in the middle of a big storm wondering if we were going to fall off
Absolutely horrible.
Sadly, I don't have insurance so unless I'm bleeding out I won't be getting medical help.
i feel frightened to be a citizen of india where honest performances are neither recognised nor appreciated
i am feeling exceptionally reluctant to go to school tomorrow even though its monday and the timetable is pretty good
i feel like i should be suspicious of her but im just so happy to see her
i know it s gross to think that you are putting snail mucus on your face but it s a small price for beauty plus the texture of the product is just like any other face cream so it won t feel weird
i have finished reading i am feeling so insecure
im just really hurting and feeling a bit overwhelmed
i devote this blog to her and pray with her for peace in the world especially when we feel frightened by religious violence
#OMG TERRIFYING!!!!
im starting to feel overwhelmed again when it comes to the research for this book
Ahhh [NAME] its in my eye.
im feeling a bit shaken but not stirred nice bond reference ehh
i begin to feel uncomfortable internally feeling nauseous light headed and experienced shortness of breath
i feel ive been physically uncomfortable for the last months of my life so nothing new there
im feeling afraid
Yo this [NAME] was literally pulling moves out of the Hitman games jumping over to your balcony. Thats terrifying.
i was talking to elder ditlevsen the other day about my plans at college and things and how you guys were all way excited for me to get back and he told me that he remembered feeling a little nervous as a parent
i feel like im in a really strange stage of my life right now as im entering my th year
ive been feeling a bit paranoid like its really noticable that im off and that everyone can see that
i discussed previously in my last blog post how apprehensive audiences have become towards bathrooms they automatically feel nervous which has become a fantastic trope for horror fiction
i feel she s frantic about controlling her message wary of others readings fearful of what meaning they might find and or create in her performance
i take the offense that is most frightening to me when i am feeling the most vulnerable in close relationships with others and i draw that offense and all my frightful vulnerability into the love of god into the mercy seat that fills me full
I'm so nervous!
i yearn for when i feel vulnerable
How incredibly dangerous
i could at least count it i didnt feel as frantic while the group followed the bird as it moved north through the trees
i am feeling unsure about my words but it also means i am writing which is good
i can feel myself slowly uncoiling from the fearful place inside and enjoying the time as i hope he can enjoy it and starting to actually swim around a bit rather than just walk in the water
i still cognize that disregarding of how i feel this jesus thing is real and he has shaken my cosmos for the last about yearses
Can confirm as my first time commuting by motorcycle in the rain there was hail, then lots of thunder bolts and lightning , found it very very frightening.
i have writer s block or feel too apprehensive about writing the next scene i copy and paste the part i m at into a new document so i can write freely without feeling that it s set in stone in my saved manuscript
i have not done any hill training but am not feeling apprehensive about it at all
i feel even more pressured to cook healthy meals and not eat out do thorough preschool lessons with my boys keep the house spotless exercise serve the church and community and be a happy loving wife at all times
i feel shaken by it and im far far above the age group targeted
i feel a bit shaky at night lately i ve awoken with this
I know 😢 it’s one of my life’s goals to see a moose in real life despite how terrified I will be lol!!
I am afraid to look, but my morbid curiosity draws me to ask.
i woke up feeling distressed instead of rested and it can be hard to change gears after that just ask mike two nights ago i dreamed that we were at my master s graduation which was in my dream held at a water park
i feeling suspicious i snooped computer
i always notice even though she is fabulous at hiding it according to the rest of the world and feel it keenly and am greatly distressed
i feel like my meds arent working correctly and idk its weird
He doesn’t, he’s terrified, cries and hugs you. Basically one of the scariest scenes in TWD.
i feel horribly restless
i realize i should be extremely grateful for your act of kindness lord i m feeling quite distressed at the moment
[NAME] was horrid for us
i feel as though the past two months have been a strange waking hour upon the even stranger dream of everything my years in wisconsin were and were not
i feel a little bit frightened of islam
I am sorry but I can feel a panic attack. Holy moly I would die instantly If I were him
i am working for but that work requires opportunity certain freedoms of expression and of movement and i may sound paranoid by saying this but i feel those freedoms threatened and more and more each day
i usually feel suspicious and guilty about this considering how little i do during my work day
I'm terrible sorry, /u/bookluvr83, but I'm afraid I must join up with the giving-you-crap-for-not-liking-brownies bandwagon. ^kidding ^^^kinda
i have a large parcel of time or am feeling reluctant to write i set our kitchen timer for minutes and write until the bell rings
You're right to be nervous. That happened near my college's campus when I was a student. She lost everything in her wallet.
Why is it that young girls seem to idolise serial killers? I had a friend like this and never understood the attraction. It's scary
i feel overwhelmed they might say my stomach hurts or my head hurts
i can t get past is that feeling when a friend walks out of your life and you re unsure why that feeling of not being valued or important enough
i think my feelings remix is the result of how neurotic i can be
i know thats not true but thats how i feel i get scared
i am feeling very anxious about going to therapy w
i would throw things and feel terrified and agitated
i feel like a paranoid annoyance when in reality she wouldve talked to anyone that way
i saw that i had the last spot on the tour and that i was going to be wrapping the whole thing up i must admit to feeling a little intimidated
i feel uncertain about his motives and feel an inbalance in our committment to the process of counselling for reconciliation
i feel like this was a milestone race and i ve shaken the novice feeling off
i cant get traction and start feeling tortured by time as my friend denise puts it
im feeling gently hesitant about posting these photos because this time the race slapped do not copy on every picture
That [NAME] missed layup is haunting me right now.
i managed a whole tuesday of eating clean but have caffeined up today and am feeling rather shaky
i hate getting behind because then i feel pressured to get it all back up to date so i can move on to other projects
i guess avoiding the boundaries conversation with him has me feeling a little unsure about my confidence and strength
im feeling wimpy about this i know a one year old who has been sent to the old country for a year so the parents can work
i feeling so uncertain concerned afraid of this person circumstance environment change
This sub is so edgy
i just couldnt fall asleep feeling scared
Please no hate it’s my first post bro please
Is a really worrying bench
i feel all agitated and moody and wanting wanting wanting
when my relatives and i were in a car going slowly on a frozen road
i am lost distraught and mainly at a state of feeling helpless
Must be a terrible swim team. The only thing that your neck beard does is accentuates your double chin.
i feel unsure or neutral about changing but really does not want to change
i feel uncontrollably agitated and i have no idea why
i feel fearful about being vulnerable within a relationship i will see in others that they are not trustworthy and will in turn not trust them
im making more mistakes thinking less clearly and feeling more anxious
i feel overwhelmed stressed and pressured inside something magical happens when i take off my shoes and go for a walk in the park or on the beach
i feel more in control and less frightened about my headaches and migraine attacks excellent service
i was sleeping in my room but woke in the middle of the night to think i could hear noises and see shadows moving i felt that someone was in the house
i feel as confused about life as a teenager or as jaded as a year old man
I love the way you phrased that. I do believe she is terribly afraid to look inward at herself.
i was to worried about them knowing if i was high or not and feeling a little paranoid and i have never never been that type of person that would think and care about what people think about me and would always focus on what i had to do to get to where i needed to get in life
i feel today i feel a little bit overwhelmed
i feel this distraught i am thankful that the weather is improving so much
i had stated to her the reason i feel so fearful is because i feel unsafe
i feel like i have to redeem myself even though i think they realized why i was distraught and were ok with it
im feeling frantic i try to remember to breathe and laugh
i got when i went home sick today i m still feeling a bit shaky and for david helping me fix the broken handrail on the basement stairs
i currently feel like crap but have to at least show my face at work lest they get suspicious at my ringing in sick the day after my holidays
Demonize - to portray as wicked and threatening. It's not hard to demonize someone when they regularly demonize themselves.
Sounds like you have a great doctor. Most are scared to give you any sort of advice like that.
i say that to myself when i am unsure or feeling insecure about what others think of me
Oh my gosh! That light house!! Its terrifying!!
im feeling paranoid im well aware of the governments tactics and if they put it on the books they want to use it
I'm 34 and disappointing my mother is still my greatest fear.
i could find another reason i m new in the area and i feel less intimidated with a simple tool that i can understand
i get these intrusive thoughts mostly violent ones or sometimes sexual the sexual ones make me feel really agitated not pleasant at all whereas the violent ones don t tend to bother me
i feel a little skeptical but what have i got to lose
Relatedly, my legs are lean because I run away from my problems.
i feel paranoid like we just stepped into a private club where everyone knows each other and we are standing out like nudists at a suit convention
That ice is dangerously thin for such a hot take.
That's the perfect intro for a panic ult.
Some additional background the robo-voice on that video is horrible.
i feel pressured by a dumb feeling
Gonna warn you, that path is a lot more dangerous than you would think...
i had promised her i will buy their cupcake bt im feeling shy to face her n thn miss it
that looks like a nightmare.
i guess the finality of my decision and the financial repercussions have me feeling doubtful
Same thing happened to me last year ended horribly
i guess im feeling a bit vulnerable and looking for some input tonight
i am anxious to see the movie bully it s trailer left me feeling shaken and nostalgic
i was feeling nervous sure just like anyone else would be in my position
i want to tell you what im feeling but i dont know where to start i want to tell you everything but im afraid youll break my heart why would something easy be so hard to do
i feel like i need to just face the world and stop being afraid of repercussions
i feel like it would make the startled person laugh and think it would be a nice eid gift
i feel less pressured to check on my phone and i gain better space to concentrate on what is more important in life
i forgive myself that i have accepted and allowed myself to feel terrified when i can not move myself or speak or scream in sleep paralysis
im feeling so unsure when things are pressing in about me comes a gentle voice so still
i could look for solutions instead of just feeling helpless actually made a big difference
i feel tortured by this thought but it feels so true
[NAME] “ I’m afraid if I don’t have money she’ll leave me”. Yuh, you’re exactly right [NAME].
Ah, alt right thinking. Afraid of people who have anything 'upstairs,' or 'between their ears.'
i can remember feeling petrified
i also didn t feel very weird sleeping in my bed while the two of them slept in hers
i feel pressured to write because i pressure myself to write or at least that it s just ingrained to do so
OW MY LEG!
This sent shivers down my spine
i ask to know things and then everything changes and then i feel a bit shaky as i try to keep up with my own leading edge and the huge amount of change i m invited to allow as i come into alignment with and catch up with me
Imagine being scared of a black bear
i feel as though my own snowglobe is being shaken and im still flying through the air
i feel weird with just his perfect day of worry free lazy junk food and video games
i feel i was intimidated by the college and people at home
I would have tactically thrown dynamite and blown my self up about 2 seconds in.
i feel most apprehensive about each week probably because it is the one most likely to unavoidably show me my shortcomings as a runner
i think about talking to a lawyer and finishing this i feel anxious
i still feel its a little shaky at times and can move into the slightly odd jades hair in particular seems prone to this but generally it works well with spencers writing
Oh, those dreadful things. I gave those away.
Yeah, that was terrible. [NAME] laughing and joking at the end of that game ended his career here.
i have to actually tell myself to breathe breathe breathe in and out when i feel absolutely terrified because i know i can t just go home that the life i missed isn t there anymore
i feel tortured being a person because no one in the world even think im somebody i wish there will be somebody out there wishing is just a waste of time though i dream too for somebody but its just the same tortured
i love that its adoption of a teenager which many people feel afraid to consider
i arrived at the monastery one week later i was feeling terrified
i have admitted defeat and asked the other half to come back from the lake coz i just feel so uptight already
ive always been feeling restless and dissatisfied with our relationship
i know at least one other person besides myself was feeling nervous and anxious about getting started
This grammar is horrible. Discovering something is a fixed single point in history which should have been simple past “was” instead of “had been.”
stranded in the north of fraser island with a submerged wd hire vehicle
I literally screamed uncontrollably for 3 months and ended up in a mental hospital.
i always feel pressured to act normal with my eating around family at christmas so yeah ill need to lose weight to be comfortable eating dessert and stuff then
i also suspect that like me those who feel like they want to die will be reluctant to share that information with anyone because it is so freaking scary
This is terrifying. Good luck to you and your family. Hopefully they figure out who the creepers are very soon.
im feeling timid six
i feel like such a confused person lately sigh
i was feeling very vulnerable and down no one really close to me has ever died before i either hadnt known them very well or was too young to remember
i feel my children are in harms way i feel frightened
i feel i am shy and i am afraid of keeping my point of view
i feel scared and worthless when someone doesn t love me
That arena is so ugly I’d be scared too
I'm afraid that will leave Britain no better. Can't imagine the ruckus if remain wins.
I dont know.. i did message him many times but he didnt reply me.. i am worried about him. I asked his mother about him
i started to feel apprehensive about it
I might be in trouble in this case. I have 7 years going on 8 :(
i am feeling a little intimidated by the riders in central park right now and i dont want to go
i had for me to confess my feelings for her but still i couldnt bring myself to her for i was scared of losing her once more
i felt so sick watching and feeling helpless
i am feeling a little uncertain as i am waiting to hear from my land lady to confirm a date and receive my contract
i shouldnt be afraid to go out in public and feel paranoid because ive done nothing wrong
Edgy bro.
i feel somewhat alarmed
i feel like a paranoid stalker or something
Those refs were terrible, god damn. GG Buckeyes, it was much closer than the score suggests.
This is terrible
i feel intimidated by these colleagues of mine
im not going to lie sometimes hearing myself say some of the things on my recordings makes me feel weird and insecure but just like the quote states above its a good thing
i inspect samples of wheat i started feeling that i was a suspicious character
i feel very confused and cant stop myself from digging in a bit more
Maybe it's as dangerous for [NAME] to whip people up talking about treason and betrayal and all that as it is when [NAME] do it. Fancy that.
Is that were its from ? All i know is since i was young that is scary af !
i feel pretty tortured because i work a job and often the inspiration strikes while im at work
i really hate that feeling when youre unsure about something
i have been conveniently uninformed of the specifics of the situation i am left feeling helpless and wanting more than ever to get away
i feel reluctant to just leave her alone like that without helping her enough to repay her goodness to me
It's crazy, the first day with icy, snowy roads it's scary but within a few days, grip and visibility sound like fantasy
i feel so completely helpless to do anything to help those affected by the tornadoes that hav
i cant even explain how difficult it is to tear yourself away from something you both love and feel doubtful of
Yeah that’s one of the things I’m most worried about, still hopeful!
I’m a little scared of telling my parents (I’m in high school.) How do I approach them about this?
omg what a nightmare, I feel for you 😞 is there any way you could order it online?
Yeah but you're not anymore I'm afraid.
i can only guess that the boys are feeling shy when i m sick but honestly i could use some help now
i feel so uncertain all i did was crying over the phone saying i cant finish the reading
It should go well with kratom anyway. I need to just eliminate anxiety and not have cravings
i dont want to approach this topic too lightly but at the same time i feel apprehensive putting it all out there
im feeling a bit uncertain its comforting to me to draw these trusty old louche animals
i had a strange dream last night and woke up today feeling a bit shaken up
i had to go to the gym so many times this last spring that i just kind of got used to feeling neurotic and then the neurotic feeling kind of went away
i had a feeling this little girl was going to arrive soon but i still felt very unsure of when it would actually happen
She is a horrible person and that is what makes her so relatable in real life.
i feel the most uncertain about the project
Creepiest building in Chicago. I couldn’t even imagine the number of gunshot victims that have gone theough those doors and came out in a body bag.
i had spare gear on the bike to cope with two punctures but was feeling particularly paranoid about the race tyres as i had already had two punctures on the previous three times i had taken them out training
i didn t feel like getting shaken down by the tsa quite yet so i pulled off to the side at creative croissants for a lunch
i feel anxious about a coming event or activity that will require physical energy that i may not have or emotional events that will require emotional energy i look to my parent and adult to take charge
SHE MAKES ME CRINGE :(
I'm too scared to start Black Mirror because it honestly seems like we might not be that far off from some of it.
i feel a part of the family of the universe rather than fearful of it
i was feeling pretty terrified full of nervous energy
i indulge in doing some work i forget about the time trust people easily feel restless until my work is been finished
i want to say that i feel vulnerable writing and sharing this info
> Crab Rave Ayyy I've never seen this before I kinda wanna go but seems scary.
It's this kind of fear that made me make this
Yepp. I've struggled to hold a job so I'd be in trouble without it.
i feel pressured to come up with something else funny to write about
i have to admit i feel a little hesitant about embedding a music video below in this case
im not always able capture the essence of the way i see the world in writing i feel that my weird way of thinking has been generally consistent throughout my short years
i feel poisoned and tortured by this room
Completely correct. But he Might have lost control, blown a tire, etc., or maybe just panicked human error.
But terrible people is my "type"
i ask you not to feel pressured by this
BP can bulwark counter A good number of deflects and even drop attacks We have more than that to worry about
i feel a bit timid about using this blog because i know that other classmates and even complete strangers will be able to read it
i know that i will find a job and god has a plan but im feeling a little uncertain about everything at the moment
i admit that with all the thoughts that go through my head i feel doubtful at times coz im scared
i am just feel so shy cause i realized those people behind me just didnt dance and look at us gt
i feel like i am as fearful now as i was when i first threw my leg over the top tube after my surgery
It’s horrible for me, way worse than your situation. Be Glad that you aren’t me
I'm REALLY glad the guy saved him but seeing him so pitiful and scared really lingers with me. :(
when my mother was seriously ill and had to be admitted to the hospital
The fact that you think like this is terrifying.
i feel the skeptical looks and eye rolls when we say we need a bigger house after all we re dinks double income no kids which is prettymuch the most awesome acronym ever
I worry that as soon as VR and AR take off, it'll be the nail in the coffin and we will be trapped.
i always feel pressured to make it perfect fit for for all audiences and gorgeous in creativity
i feel indecisive about baker although my room is the smallest double it still seems big but i hate how loud the guys across the hall are
im feeling pretty shaken at the moment
i feel confused too
i forgive myself that i have accepted adn allowed myself to feel uncertain and inferior the moment someobdy is looking at me as i do physical labour
i am going crazy at leas the feeling is more pleasent them fearful
i guess i talked to enough people to realize that we all feel intimidated by meeting others for the first time
i feel horribly insecure about it all
i specifically wanted tango was feeling shy and maks quite the opposite hard to get far enough away from him to get good pics lol
i feel a strange sense of achievement that i have scraped every nook and cranny of the shells for juicy morsels
i needed to get all that out of my head and onto a screen where i can come and reread it later to see that while we have numerous blessings there are some challenges and that its okay for me to feel overwhelmed at times
I'll try that but I'm thinking about going outside when it is unbearable to sleep. Also I'm scared of cold making me more sleepy.
i feel terribly helpless sometimes but even with the limited spiritual awareness that i have i am able to find the answers as i know the end is not the outcome of my decision i ll be able to move on readjust pick up the pieces re centre myself or enjoy my decision
That sounds terrifying. I hope you and the little one are OK.
i actually feel solidarity with the americans who went on to cry for blood in iraq tortured prisoners and the stripping of the bill of rights
Please don’t murder me
i thought i should be excited that im starting work but im feeling reluctant as ever
That hop/shuffle is scary
i was thinking that i might be ready but was feeling unsure of my assessment
i was overcome with heat and i started feeling very weird
occured while preparing for a midterm in social welfare that i thought was going to be very hard and felt unprepared for
Self confidence I think and the fact that I’m scared if I do give all of myself to some that they won’t reciprocate.
i get changed i am feeling insecure
tutorial again a fearful feeling came to me when i sat on the chair and looked at my fellow students all around i was really scared that they would ask me some questions or challenge the ideas that i had presented
im feeling a bit less anxious about it all now and im actually starting to look forward to the challenge of the big event
i go shopping now i feel reluctant to buy things like that even though its really hard to resist the temptation
i can understand feeling uncertain about the abc link
it's horrid :/
I had a similar fear last month after exceeding the two hours in a Homebase car park.
i feel very suspicious of all of them
i try not to complain or show them my attacks because they feel so helpless like any parent would
i closed my eyes tightly and covered my ears and thank god i woke up before i apologize for the brutality of my nightmare it left me feeling shaken and nauseous to say the least
every time i meet a certain dog that has once bitten me
I’m so nervous!
Intrusive thoughts happen in anxiety disorders, although I'm not sure if that's what you're describing here
i look hot i get leers that make me feel like i might get assaulted
i remember feeling the most terrified i had ever felt in my entire life and that its still affecting me now but ive never thought it accounted to trauma
i have this feeling of security about the characters i want to do if someone else gets the role i am afraid they will not do well
Same here man, terrible feeling
i spent two hours working on my crochet gift for you but i still feel restless and slightly sad
i was also feeling anxious around some of the people sitting in the waiting area
i now feel less doubtful towards that person about his her sincerity in rebuilding our relationship
Weird I'm short and have anxiety and depression and somehow I'm not an incel.
i feel like im but at least im not feeling pressured to write when i dont want to
i wish i didnt feel this afraid to talk to new people
i sat feeling helpless like a moment from an episode of the walking dead
i decided that this one lesson i had had was enough practise for me so its fair to say i was feeling slightly apprehensive walking over to the nursery slopes
i cant help but feel a little bit agitated
He said this awhile ago. His splits away from coors scares me.
The third picture is creepy.
i didnt feel alarmed moreso a feeling of total welcome
i feel like ya allah im scared puff it was fun man then id an idea
i am feeling apprehensive about this move and worried i have blown all my money that was meant to pay my rego
i feel like im in such a strange place in life no one to take care of and no one who cares
i feel uncomfortable when i wear lenses that are not brown but these lenses make me want to get more blue lenses
i ought to consider this change a wee bit of a little step backward but i am feeling so much more afraid than i should be
i find im barely breathing and feel a little frantic
im shaking and crying right now this is so powerful
i realized that i was tired of feeling weird in relationships with boys
Or maybe he does, and that’s why he scared of people thinking that; he’s afraid of people finding them out.
Man, dropping is rather dreadful but nothing’s more dreadful when you can reach into your pockets expecting it to be there and it isn’t
i just do not feel uptight at all
I'm ordained. When's the wedding? 🙋 This is a terrible idea. I don't know what I'm doing.
im feeling lately vulnerable impressionable and a little emotional
i kept thinking that if i had the right mindset if i put enough effort into pushing away the feelings then i would not be afraid
i feeling confused with my life and want to know why my life
i got on and was nervous feeling very timid and shy but after a while we were talking like weve known each other our whole lives
i tend to avoid the news because i often feel like it doesn t add value to my life and only makes me fearful anxious and slightly paranoid
i feel especially vulnerable to being treated as a second class citizen
That does suck. I’m sorry. Having recently been ghosted by someone who I thought was a very close friend, it’s a terrible feeling
i email authors about interviews i feel a little intimidated
Yeah I probably would've started crying on the spot. Loud, sudden and especially shrill noises are extremely *"cringey"* and uncomfortable and stressful
I agree with you, but you know, sharia *is* sharia, which I find a tad more frightening
i feel afraid to live alone living far from them
i meet men who feel insecure about women
Im always worrying about the same thing, thats why Im always posting and within hours freaking out and deleting my posts
i fear that other people ask me about my feelings i am most reluctant to talk about things
i also feel fearful and concerned for them both worried
Its almost as if everyone is too afraid to be politically incorrect to admit that height and race are a factor.
So edgy.
im feeling insecure and sad because i dont know what to do with my book
i felt sad and apprehensive and angry that i d had vertigo and that it had left me feeling uncertain
i would have smiled except i was starting to feel like any more uptight comments and my jaw would fall right out of my head
This gave me ultimate anxiety
i wish i could open up to people not feel so terrified of reactions and opinions
[NAME] sure are afraid of brown women.
i am left feeling rather distressed and torn
waiting for my girlfriend to come from her apt to mine she was very late and i thought something awful had happened
i feel suspicious when i see this redundant use of the credential
Stuff like this makes me worry a little less about the future generations.
i acknowledge that i am not actually fat by definition but feeling uncomfortable in my skin
ive been feeling like im on shaky quilting waters and have started questioning my work
They’re honestly a cult at this point. It’s not just sad, but incredibly scary.
ive been idling away this past year i realize im feeling more and more doubtful of my path
i did feel slightly shaky and had a headache
i feel pressured to talk to them
This is truly terrifying.
i was feeling quite apprehensive about my wig as i felt that it wasnt as full as id hoped it would be however id taken into account my models beautiful long hair
I fear it is already too late if he already uses words that should hurt but really don't because of their misuse.
i can t believe i feel so petrified
i know both of them feel threatened by the job i do even after long years but i get really tired of the ganging up i get from them
i feel more vulnerable and more in touch with my heart with making choices that are better for myself and my family and less worried about pleasing everyone else
i want him to feel uncertain and unsettled because he deserves it and maybe itll teach him a lesson
im by no means huge however as im only i find that any extra weight at all makes me feel very uncomfortable in myself as well as my clothes
i still feel constantly paranoid and anxious i keep wanting to go on facebook to check he hasn t been back on there i keep wanting to go through the texts on his phone i feel edgy when he s at work and want him to come straight home to me
OMG what??? ...[NAME] actually showed up for a gig without cancelling with a terrible excuse?
i feel as weird criticizing this game as much as i feel weird praising it
i am feeling shaky and weak
i was already feeling pretty nervous about this prospect as i had a suitcase full of dvds of which we only watched one
im not completely sure my topic is narrow enough and im feeling apprehensive about being able to find half of my sources in print
i really have gotten to a place where if i go for more than a day or two without writing i begin to feel very anxious very displaced
i love being comfy that is my main goal when i look for new clothes i cannot stand feeling uncomfortable in something
I had a nightmare about something similar, the combination of high walls and water is truly scary
i really am feeling skeptical about politicians lately and all of the tomfoolery and shenanigans that are going on in washington so it s nice to read a book that is about that subject and about some people taking action though no i don t advocate the actions they took
This was potentially the most dangerous stunt I have ever seen someone do. One minor mistake and you die.
i also always feel a little scared
im frightened and feeling paranoid
i chose to share that little personal snippet in my phone because i know i m not the only one that feels this way and i know i m not the only one that was petrified to face it
i learned a lot from this little project if youre ever feeling intimidated by a diy project just go for it
You sound scared
Based on that cars wheels it is now very tired.
this take can get the fuck out. that bulge is sacred
i am feeling overwhelmed by god s grace
Which is why I'm glad he turn around as he did. xD Still is both scary and funny if you look at it from a different light
im feeling very uncomfortable which isnt helping im sure
i can feel the awkwardness and that weird kind of tension
i don t know why i feel so bashful defending it
Horrible waste of time.
i think the main benefit here is that it wets the surface giving even the earliest strokes something to play against and it also helps get my ass into the deep end of the pool if i am feeling hesitant about where to begin
im feeling a little apprehensive about this party
i told her yeah they feel insecure and they bully people because it makes them feel powerful physically
>Some ~~drugs~~ people are just... Scary... Some drugs tend to bring out what's bubbling under the surface, so in that way, yeah.
i have said this before being a mom has made me feel more vulnerable than i have ever felt before
I couldn't reply to the message I got the other day
I'm afraid I'm gonna have to go with what he said about an hour ago. Unicorns. He just ruled out any sort of
i punched out of work sunday sighed and the brunch trumpeter waldo carter said from behind i know exactly how you feel this startled me and i flinched
[NAME] is scared out there. Didnt want the ball
i feel frightened or anxious
i know what god has said about stuff and yet right now i am beginning to feel anxious about it
i combine the flat tire the head wound and a headless bird im feeling a little paranoid
i was stymied a little bit as i wrote feeling unsure that i might go somewhere with the story unintended
i try to hold my tongue try to see it from his point of view but inside i am feeling agitated and irritable about all this pressure to please him when i cannot seem to get my own self in order
i signed the petition and knowing that it will be served in the next few days has left me feeling vulnerable as i am unsure about his reaction
Pretty terrifying. Imagine if you went on a school trip, did nothing, and came home to this.
My greatest fears are getting wooshed and not getting the joke.
i detest feeling uncertain
i am grateful to have a strong support system both internally and externally that i can rely on when i am feeling uncertain and weak
Everyone panics when they are on fire.
i show my partner how i feel i m afraid s he will not feel the same about me
terrifying every time.
i didnt start feeling nervous until friday and on saturday i didnt feel as much nervous as scared and respectful of the enormous challenge that laid before me
i feeling distressed
i am not feeling fearful
i feel like im sinking and i feel helpless and that makes me even more frustrated
i instantly feel anxious that a police officer is going to pull me over
> ...he was afraid for his life... I see he has mastered the magic incantation.
i did not feel its strange effects no more
i feel like i would have been confused if i had waited a long time before reading the second book
Aha! This is my fear, that the gloss over key elements because they want to target a wider audience!
i let my fingers stroke across his chest to his heart marveling at the feel of him terrified that this is a step too far
i feel distressed music on my mind rewrite fma op
i did feel a little less inhibited in class tonight
i was feeling nervous my hands felt shaky my heart was pounding
i cant help feeling agitated about
im feeling all bashful exposed and vulnerable because my blog crush is out in the open now
i was at the cinema with my sister and her boyfriend a man sitting beside me started to stroke my leg for a while
I mean it makes sense, they're into [NAME] because they totally dig the horribly socially stunted types so they love [NAME] for horribly traumatizing her.
i was already feeling kind of frantic and upset because im spending another year in that god forsaken school
i sometimes feel so overwhelmed by the hats that i wear and trying to figure out who the real emily is
Because it was a terrible idea.
i feel strange
i love feeling like i am truly making a difference in students lives although sometimes i am unsure
I think it was, it was do scary, i honestly never wanna do that stuff again
I hope this guy got found and fired. That's way too dangerous. He could have easily killed someone.
i am grateful that i no longer feel a frantic urge to fix the emotional upsets of those around me
i walia feels suspicious about tarun and bani
After all that i expected it to not look terrible. Oh well.
i had to take them out for a while leaving me feeling even more distressed
im feeling frantic because ive had no sleep
i feel intimidated by the wide open design and therefore find it hard to write
I understand just so hard feels like I’m being thrown away like trash I don’t want to imagine a life without her in it
i meet in supermarkets banks dentists etc make me feel like im weird
i feel all shaken up and im waiting for things to settle
i was actually feeling very distressed
i feel uncomfortable with the fact i am so powerless at the moment
This is horrible
im not being fair to xia by doing it this way if he feels frightened by the work i do it that his fault
i just didnt feel like i really got to know him which i feel is why im so unsure of his character
ive been feeling helpless since superstorm sandy hit one of my favorite places in the world and i suspect a lot of you share that feeling
My heart skipped a beat when I saw this. My childhood dog looks just like them, and her name was Brandy!
i feel reluctant talking about myself and my current situation to you as i don t know how you ll feel but i guess its important you know all about me and the situation i am in so that we ll know if we can go further
Probably. Government contracts are already terrible as they rarely pay on time
i got s and really i feel like i hit the lottery i was scared itd be something like x and id be screwed
i am already feeling frantic
i just hope we can help him feel less afraid and more supported and loved
i dont know why but i feel uncomfortable in front of people who flaunt their strength or their accomplishments
i know it s kind of funny that i m feeling hesitant about making fashion from something we use to scent our clothes but it does worry me a bit
i feel like im almost uh afraid of everything so to speak
Worrying what other people think is what collectivists have brainwashed you to think and feel. You are just a coward making excuses for your cowardice.
i suppose i am a bit on occasion but now ive become this horrible annoying person and i feel so strange about it
i started pin pointing faults at home and with relationships feeling left out and confused about my purpose in peoples lives that i had once been close to
i feel hesitant to be putting the words on this page feeling like every time i hit a key i am tempting fate to take this away from me
Almost like [NAME] culture is written to be offensive, what with the institutionalized rape slaves and everything. They might even be the baddies.
i am feeling weird and feel wanna know
i feel insecure around people who i marvel at people who humble me
ive been feeling a bit overwhelmed with the whole marathon idea lately
i repeat over and over in my life in which i try to take control in my life but it when it doesn t work i feel afraid that i have no control
i do know the main reason i feel like i m losing myself unsure if i ll ever get those pieces back but i m not quite ready to talk about that just yet
i need to do after much prayer considering things like this but i still always feel a little reluctant to act but i do anyway
im honest when i say a part of me feels tortured as though this is part of the system of function in your life the one that allows you to order and manipulate people in such a way so that they are lined up and positioned to serve their prupose when you should need them
i feel doubtful even when i am struggling a bit with my faith even when times seem dark or i feel alone i know that god is with me
i have a feeling she will sleep through the night more and be a little less agitated
i feel somewhat frightened by the number of policemen that arrived but told them they may come inside and search for whatever they need to
i woke up feeling distraught
i drafted this post at least a month ago and now i m feeling quite uncertain about it
i didnt feel terrified
i will probably do but for some reason i feel a bit agitated by it all
Im not a brexiter. In fact, this is my concern with a second referendum. I'm worried that remain will lose.
I discovered this show on the cnn docuseries about the nineties. What a terrible idea for a show 😂😂
i do feel a little confused about my reproductive future do i want another baby deep down
i scream every day and every night and no one hears and my face is starting to fall off and i feel anxious and frightened all the time and i don t think i know what anything means anymore
Which is odd, he was terrible on Sunday
i feel intimidated by the great women in my family tree
This is so scary but I would love to go there. And it is actually in Brazil
i left the place feeling slightly shaken it s hard to read and hear about such things
i know at this point is im starting to feel doubtful of the decisions i made
im trying to be intuitive often just makes me feel sort of confused and nauseous
i feel pretty terrified immature and not ready
Your imaginary boyfriend is kinda creepy. Although, if he's kinky then he may be for keeps. *wink
i hate feeling so indecisive about things because i keep my emotions under lock and key
i liked the feeling of being scared and jumping in my seat grabbing the arm of my preferably male companion
i didnt cry but i was starting to feel neurotic so my sister who was amazingly chill that morning brought me an ativan
i reach for your hand feel its warmth sense a strange mysterious connection the greater sea of lives intimately shared and buoyed by a wave of love hope and joy surrender to its greater transcendent surge letting it take me wherever it will
I have a bad feeling about this.
Tell that to r/Polygrumps (very *VERY* NSFW) dude. They scare me more than this sub.
Not really, in my mind it was continuous cringe that I was always curious about
I’m worried about [NAME] too
I just had a panic attack!
The [NAME] of horror!
I’m as terrified of Mr. [NAME] just as much as any sane person but I don’t think we should *burn* him...
i get headaches am easily agitated feel frightened and aggressive
ive been feeling very indecisive lately
Terrifyingly accurate bot
There’s this which is terrifying to think about
i feel so strange sitting here blogging away amp not having to study
also anxious that people will be angry or surprised or upset at me for me never telling people about this before
i feel vulnerable and alone
i understand that you re feeling anxious
i want to find my essence and my substance and not feel so scared and empty and dispersed fragmented etc
ive grown as a mother and treasure my role in this family now whereas i used to second guess myself a lot and feel very unsure of my maternal skills
i guess she was feeling pretty hesitant
i am at the bus stop and i hear the squeak of a baachan trolley i feel a little paranoid
Stumbling out of a closet in full [NAME] outfit... I'm afraid it's not
I graduated in 2002 and had history books that ended with [NAME] 2nd term. I had great teachers but terrible materials.
> 333 Brothers and sisters are here now So much cringe.
i feel myself afraid of being abandoned
I’d be afraid to get high after that yo
i remember feeling terrified as a child
i feel a bit uncertain really shes a nice girl and good friend material
i can t help but feeling weird when opening every closet in an apartment that somebody s still living in so i didn t
i should somehow feel hesitant about that
i often find myself feeling assaulted by a multitude of sense impressions
i feel marginalised frequently intimidated on the roads and i often feel that both the law and the rules that define what a safe road layout looks like simply dont make any sense when im using a bicycle as my mode of transport
Ireland because Ireland. Not me but i did something pretty scary.
I keep wondering about armpit waxing, but the potential pain scares me.
i really feel this way there is not a single day that has gone by that ive felt insecure with jerome
i don t want you to feel pressured into making love
i could almost feel it as the flames singed and tortured her frail delicate body leaving nothing behind but a foul smelling concoction of wood and burnt flesh
[NAME] is scary
Poor wee thing is probably terrified somewhere.
i did that at the recent french open with the claret jug so i now feel somewhat reluctant i got close to the claret jug in france as i felt afterwards i want to be able to do that till hopefully win the open and then get to bond it for the next twelve months
i notice that i feel a little apprehensive even to share all this
i suppose to feel terrified
im feeling hopelessly restless
i feel like i could have gotten all apprehensive for no reason at all
In the 50s my aunt was 6 weeks old when a flu virus caused inflammation of the heart and she died. So there's that, too.
i did feel scared now
i often feel overwhelmed with all of the office and administration work required of the teacher
i guess the trick is i need to go in strong and get what i want and not feel bashful over it
i stopped feeling intimidated when looking at a wod i guess that means i am learning how to find a right balance where to scale down and where to push harder
i had thought but i feel scared and somewhat trepidatious nervous and sad
i am simply to realize that master homis knows best and if he feels there is too much going on he will step in and help with some tasks that i perform and i am not to become distressed about this
i feel so vulnerable
when i was cycling past a parked car someone opened the door and nearly pushed me off my bike and into the traffic
i know it s weird to see me call something review i feel weird saying it myself but i digress
Exactly right? That's when I thought she was really really horrible.
Given my grandpaernts survived the holocaust and told us everything, we have a horrible yet interesting family humour.
i went home all alone from a restaurant it was dark
i feel for the genuinely shy and cautious women at home who after reading shades think that theres something wrong with them that they dont orgasm when someone touches their boob
i wanted to not feel frightened anymore
i kind of feel fearful of starting
i know just how you feel any ache pain in tummy i get frightened incase it em again
i feel vulnerable yet extraordinarily liberated
im left with today is feeling anxious and sad and lonely
i want to be able to declare how excited i am in the most sickening sing songy voice that anyone has ever heard but frankly i feel more terrified than anything
i feel more vulnerable
i am tired feeling overwhelmed and it seems like i am being assaulted from every direction i am not always at my best
i would not feel as shaken if i were appreciated for at least a tiny bit
i lay reading by headlamp and feeling the tent shaken as if by a giant hand
i feel him frantic now humping against my hip moaning when i suck his tongue into my mouth
i am always so sensitive and my every sense feels like it is being assaulted as i drag myself away from the darkness
i was feeling anxious about my yoga homework
i know that when i am feeling distraught or moody i can depend on you two to put a smile back on my face
i couldnt help but feel totally distraught and utterly helpless when lorena was kidnapped and tortured almost to death by a band of enemies i was desperate for her freedom
i understand that but its so nice not to feel like the weird one
i will feel a bit of insecure
i felt like i had went so far now it feels like my world was shaken just the other day
Horrible night for dodo
i feel hesitant about talking about this
ill go because it warms my muscles and i always laugh in the midst of our quirky little inter generational exercise family and after six months im a regular which reminds me that ive accomplished the epic feat of no longer feeling in some way intimidated when i go to the gym
i feel a bit hesitant about the whole thing given my past two experiences and the fact that i m going to start a new novel while i work on my current wip because i feel like it would be cheating to count the words on my current wip even though i m only about words into it
i will reach out to you when i am feeling uncertain and needing the support or the slap upside the head that i know you can provide me
i can also post pics of the receipt if anyone doesn’t believe me!!!
Not even polite if they're driving. The road rage here is terrifying.
i searched long and hard for a bad review telling me that i shouldnt buy into something i feel so apprehensive about but i only found that people loved and swore by f
i am still trying to find my footing and after three years in i feel just as shaky as ever
i realized this weekend that i am feeling somewhat apprehensive about this surgery
i returned home defeated and feeling totally unsure of who i was
im feeling pressured at my desk due to the piles of tasks waiting for me i will often pack up and go write in a quiet corner in my bedroom living room or kitchen
i remember feeling hair and being confused my kids dont have hair at birth but not having the presence of mind to really process what i was feeling
i see each time you is what feel i am very anxious to to living to eat you
My first day with them off was quite anxious, but it got better!
That was worse than a movie jump scare. I don't know why but giant squid feel more fearsome than sharks.
i wear it i feel anxious visable spotlighted different unfashionable stupid embarrassed ashamed and paranoid
i have found a no of people raising this issue but then i have not yet come across any officials addressing the same i am just feeling helpless
i remember feeling frantic at this point
i know that feeling myself the strange sense of serendipity where minds collide between pages
i feel strongly about or a line that i want to draw in the sand so to speak i shouldn t be afraid especially at this point to bring up how i feel about what my conclusion should entail etc
It's seriously terrifying!
i have carried around an audre lorde quote that i often refer to when i am feeling fearful or uncertain about things when i dare to be powerful to use my strength in the service of my vision then it becomes less and less important whether i am afraid
I am scared that I would lose potential study time by seeing him. And worse if I end up liking him too much... :(
i do not like feeling unsure and uncertain
i didnt want aubrey to feel pressured or rushed into baptism but then i realized that she doesnt need to have a perfect knowledge in order to be baptized
I was so worried for the kitty the whole story.
i cannot wait to be human again ahkman to feel your kiss but i am so frightened
i almost feel confused and out of character when i honestly say actually things are going pretty well
ive heard it so many times already im already feeling skeptical of whatever they say
i was feeling pretty wimpy in it
because you are in danger of appropriating methhead culture.
im feeling a bit apprehensive but excited as well
Didnt know that, just saw "LG" devices and got nervous. Bummer for you though, that sucks :/
i start to feel frantic where are the candles the matches the one flashlight thats actually ashers bug light no fans in the house move beds outside boys in the bath dont touch the candles goodbye meat in the fridge
i looked at my husband and even though i love him with all the love in my heart the feelings i felt for him today when he was stood there so vulnerable grew so deep and strong and i didnt realise that i could love him anymore
Probably scared they’re gonna get flashed by a camera.
i was feeling so indecisive and blah
Oh, the "Thomas the nuclear bomb"? That scarred me.
Can't help but feel that going down 3-0 is nerves and fear of playing someone with [NAME] mythology. AO to [NAME] is like RG to [NAME]
im feeling so helpless clueless and homesick
i feel a bit frightened that you are touching my car while i am away repeatedly i ask you to stop putting stuff on it
i started feeling intimidated by the thought
Yes,on top of that feel like vomitting,can't breathe and thinking I will faint.
i began to feel very afraid of disappointment during the tour just because the rain and fog continued
i feel like i am the only one trying to accomplish everything especially the balance in our extremely distressed world
i am this thing i have these feelings and i m not afraid to express them and to stand up for what i believe in
i walk in a conventional classroom my senses feel assaulted by all the stuff on the walls hanging from the ceiling and covering all the surfaces
i feel paranoid but atleast now i get some comfort with dd she is the only person that i can talk to and not feel lie total crap around she is the nicest kindest most caring person i have ever met and i dont think that i will ever find anyone as great as her in my life
i began to feel distressed and a feeling of sadness and a desire to kill myself
[NAME] looks too creepy,but it's a very nice drawing.
i face turn red and feel shy emm no
i am feeling a little overwhelmed by christmas knitting especially since i started cross stitching and thats taking half my free time i went idea shopping today though and i am starting to feel a little better about the situation
im also feelin a lil uptight and sucky lately and you know the reason
i instead feel restless
When has the Alt-Right ever been working class? Its always the richest white guys who are horribly socially inept.
i receive the good news in joy like the magi or do i feel threatened by gods message like herod
i am and growing up when i was feeling unsure about myself and my feelings i would hear about actresses i looked up to being very open about it
i am also not a perfect girl friend and im always a disappointment always feeling so doubtful and always putting you through a hard time with my mood swings and sudden outburst of low emo mood
It's a Falling In Reverse song, which makes it even more terrifying
i remember that beauty truly is in the eye of the beholder people see the beautiful compliment as a statement of how valuable they find that person and people don t want to kick someone when they are feeling vulnerable
i have been feeling restless and not quite grounded
i felt low at this point with missing people i know and i love but feeling helpless to do it
Nah, rest is pretty cringe too
i wish i knew how he was really feeling aside from reading the nervous twitches
i never want to diminish the pain ocd has placed on peoples shoulders and so i speak only for myself when i say there is and has been worse to go through than the burden i feel i think to watch my children starve suffer or be tortured would be much worse
My parents are going to kill me when they find out.
im feeling shy im feeling mad im feeling sad
It’s pretty cringe
im feeling a bit uncertain about the whole poem i think that will remain
i was feeling very overwhelmed about what i was going to do about removing things from the house i am selling in maryland
When that intro drops I get so into it and scare my cat
i had envisioned and intended im just feeling unsure whether i got that vision and intention right
i didnt tell you because i didnt want you to feel afraid
Wow, this is terrifying.
i have not conducted a survey but it is quite likely that many of them feel as assaulted by onel s demons and other creators as i would have felt had the walls been covered only with eminent figures patriotic heroes and epic deeds
i am feeling a bit restless these days
i guess being the good friend that he is he can not and will not allow me to go on with life feeling so distressed and confused
i know im feeling agitated as it is from a side effect of the too high dose
i too still believe in feminism and i still believe in the saving power of rock music as bauer proclaims at the end of the article so why am i left feeling skeptical and unconvinced
This sounds like borderline mental health issues. Scary.
while cycling in the country
i feel very distressed because i m supportive of this campaign and with the senator
He was afraid of flying
i know im quite selfish but sometimes i feel like i dont want to throw everything just for something that is uncertain
i do feel apprehensive before meeting someone new particularly in a group situation but i just sign up for everything i can and hope that i ll have found the courage to do it by the time it comes round and i always have so far
i feel so hesitant to say anything positive trying to hold my breath so to speak because none of this really matters until i know that shaun has passed the dlpt
This is terrifying
i had felt kind of ick but just figured it was nerves or feeling anxious
i may have spent the last hours feeling like a tortured soul but on the other side its all sunshine and rainbows
Don’t worry, he’s more afraid of you than you are of him. Just act tough, it’ll work...maybe...
i suppose he feels badly because he was a bit skeptical of her pain over the last few months shes had a hyperchondria and exaggeration habit in the past though he never openly questioned her about it
i went over my feelings she said i am very fearful and conflicted
i feel nervous when i think about going to australia though i feel exited at the same time
Omg creepy!
i grabbed him by the collar and pulled him against me in a passionate tonguey kiss feeling his long member slide between my waiting ass cheeks as it pulsed on the frantic bud of my clit
i hate feeling pressured into having to carry on conversations because if i didnt it would just end up with the two of us breathing at each other until our receivers got all steamy
i feel to write something is making me reluctant
I'd say the bigger potential problem is getting reported for public indecency, that goes on your criminal record.
Yeah until the last one has creepily wed and reproduced.
i saw a few pianos that were either newer cheaper or larger but there was always something missing that made me feel uncertain about buying them
i confess to feeling a bit nervous now though there are some very talented people in the group
i will feel shy and won t be able to talk to her
i range has always been giving you feel reluctant to select your spray for anyone who are to select and exposed variants
i left that meeting feeling helpless and betrayed by the very laws that are supposed to protect me and other people in this state
i read the sentinel article on hanford city councilman dan chins proposed media policy and the secret committee meetings my feelings could be summed up in a single word alarmed
i feel vulnerable when im alone not only because i feel so incapable of defending myself but also because i could go into labour at any point
i feel pressured to be the perfect happy woman but it s because i have a hard time letting people in past a certain level so it just is easier to default to happy go lucky which i usually am anyway
I remembered it slightly differently. My brain is terrible for coming up with this one: [NAME] Long Thick Penis Has Come To Town.
i have a desk job and sit on my ass all day long so sometimes i feel paranoid that i m not being active enough and think things like dear god what if i get so fat that i can never lose the baby weight
i feel hesitant to tell them the truth about leaving the house to get the toy
i tell myself that whenever i feel hesitant to start muay thai
i sometimes feel very vulnerable
i am feeling very unsure of my future
i might start feeling nervous tomorrow but im not sure
I'm sorry you had a bad experience, that's horrible. But that number saved one of my friends lives. Different for everyone
i decided that since things were finally starting to go well but i was still feeling a little uncertain i d give myself a little more time to let the training come together
i haven t yet experienced the totality of this is that i am getting to use my gifts again without feeling like someone is threatened jealous or competing against me
im sitting there with both boobs hanging out so why do i feel uncomfortable
this made me stop subconsciously breathing and now I can't stop thinking about it
ive been frustrated that i dont walk around floating on air seeing the good in every sidewalk pothole i trip into beating myself up over feeling unsure and scared
i feel agitated right on through
i know what i believe and how i feel but some part of me is still hesitant because the old me would have said that anyone who believed there was a god was crazy
i just feel terrified
i feel myself being very indecisive about how i see my work life playing out
i hate feeling indecisive because im being negative right now and i dont know what i want
i feel uncomfortable when i need to sit through a bad presentations
in a dam lake
i was transferred to the operating bed i began to feel a little apprehensive
I’m scared to fall asleep——-
They're so scared
i sit here to write i start to dig out my feelings and i think that i am afraid to accept the possibility that he might not make it
im lying in bed feeling very anxious and have a knot in my stomach
i am feeling a bit doubtful of myself the last couple of weeks
im feeling somewhat indecisive about what to do in terms of an alliance
i am feeling a little nervous and anxious but never second guessing my decision
i went through the exam i could feel my heart sink with each unsure answer each flip flop decision and random guess
im still not sure why reilly feels the need to be so weird
They start as needy creeps and work their way up to being dangerous.
i noticed earlier not involved in the group s turn to speak in front of the class and you could feel how nervous he was
i feel very socially anxious around these ladies
i was escorting a relative on a bike
i just feel shy because i was just a sharia stream student who is now still struggling with european union policy and decision making thesis while those uncles there discussing trillion dollars projects in government lead companies glc
scared for sure... scared of how much money we're gonna have to pay him it's gonna be all the moneys
i feel i will never escape something drawing attention to my forehead when distressed because i imagine old age will turn the scrunching into permanent wrinkles
i feel terrified of the future
i can but i feel massively uncomfortable doing it it consumes massive amounts of processing power and i associate it with some very bad situations ive been in recently
im feeling so insecure financially right now that i dont want to spend the
i feel a little uncertain about the structure of a revalidation portfolio
Dont worry, as you get older that will stop working or possibly even cause anxiety.
i knew i was just feeling unsure amp scared and so i let it overpower me and i gave in to those feelings and gave up
It’s so fucking creepy
i did manage two short runs and a walk but today im back to feeling just shy of awful
i am feeling hesitant right now going in this alone but am trying to remain optimistic
i could feel myself hit this strange foggy wall
i don t like the idea that women in the entertainment industry especially in pop music may feel pressured to turn themselves into hypersexual tartlets but i get the feeling that rihanna isn t being provocative because she feels she has to
I'm afraid you have your terms mixed up -
watched a horror movie which involved sexual attacks on women
i can do all things through christ who gives me strength is a lovely little verse that i repeat over and over when im feeling a little unsure about something
Oooh, edgy!
Oh, the horror! We must defend the honor of Lord [NAME] against the scum of r/NFL!!
i am feeling doubtful confused lost and what not
Thanks I was worried that I might die alone
i had a horrible tragedy something that i was terribly ashamed of or something that was causing me great pain or that was making me feel vulnerable i have more than just one or two very trusted people who i know i could call for help
I remember writing on them was horrible. Slight delay which threw me off combined with the letters ending up looking like crap. Whiteboard was so much easier.
Very scary.
i cannot help but feel a bit anxious on how this delivery will go hopefully another vbac if all goes as planned
i feel fearful of being near them
i don t know if he knew about buffy but i for one was feeling nervous about how the whole multiple dogs on a flight thing was going to pan out
i feel scared and unsure and out of place
i feel afraid to write because there are so many thoughts that need to come out
im feeling confused but ill keep trudging through
i do feel confused
i just feel so overwhelmed by the feeling of balance that i just
i feel nervous just walking outside
i am feeling a bit agitated or stressed i find a surprising amount of relief from cleaning and decluttering my house or even just a small space like a closet
Kind of wish they recorded a video of the shard of glass moving through the heart, we would all pee a little in our pants.
i love the treadmill and i am actually so used to it that i actually feel intimidated running outside
i really feel amp dont be so uptight when expectations of others are met
i feel so hesitant posting them
i went into that feeling more than a little bit scared as my running training to date had been almost non existent
i sort of hate glasses because they make my eyes look small and since huge eyes is all i have going for me it was quite an upset but im hoping these bigger frames will make me feel less paranoid
i will scream or cry when theres too many ppl but i feel insecure and wanted hide from them and i will sweat a lot
Well, since everything in Australia wants to kill you, I'd say it is quite healthy to be afraid of Australian spiders, and other flora and fauna
i feel my life being threatened by illness i lose my mind
ive mostly gotten used to this but being kind of a stubbornly independent person it still feels a little strange at times
Wow. AP should find that video and flag whoever did that...deep, scary issues at play
i will close my eyes and recite the following mantra every day and whenever i m feeling unsure frustrated or shiftless with my progress towards my top body
i found a good article where you are not to mediate if you feel threatened or intimidated by your ex controlled or you life is controlled by your ex where your child is being manipulated by your ex
im feeling abit uncertain now
Somebody is really insecure about their career decisions.
i was feeling pretty anxious and overwhelmed as a friend rightly noted probably because i was on a boat with my mom grandmother and great aunt and no where to flee except the damn cold baltic sea
