[NAME] isn't really that bad, he's also a cheaper option who [NAME] trusts.
That’s terrible; I would be devastated. You had to get out of there though. I’m thinking of you.
i express the gene of this dominant voice it feels rather wonderful as if i were really this writer this poet who was so carefree and crazy
i feel pleased about this issue there are a lot of beautiful pieces in it for example maggie lees poem titled a href http vol
Always. And on a shallower note, he is aging so well, the handsome devil.
i want a natasha gan dress just cos i can wear it out and feel fab i want blue suede boots the colour of the ocean i want i want i want i need none of the above but it won t stop me going to chadstone tonite or tomorrow
Thank you.
Those are the [NAME], they sing backup for [NAME]. They’re awesome!
It's more of a personal issue with me. But I completley understand and respect your decisions and way of thinking
>Congratufuckinglations Good one! You got a good chuckle out of me.
Lol that's so far from the truth.
LMAO! I would heed his advice if I didn't get chased off by the private land owner 😁
In a few years she will probably be claiming to be in her 30s!
i rarely consider the garments i m going to put on every day for the reason that i feel self assured that no matter what i put on my body could make these clothes look excellent
I like that one that goes “Shield me from sorrow, Fear of tomorrow”
I mean… yeah? So glad to be at that age where the conversation would be more uncomfortable for them than for me.
They were really supportive!
I think [NAME] does a great job! Can't believe she's 56...she looks amazing!
Same tbh hahahaha
Kids are awesome
Yeah for sure, they're too smart to go to class anyway, they've got time.
Lol at illegals paying taxes. Most do not pay any or pay very little.
[NAME] I wish that were me.
i feel like copying the handsome boy say yay so fun
It would hilarious, but also kind of sad.
They are loving this choice in maga canada of course. Just a typical day of bigotry.
I just wished they took [NAME] with them.
yep I wasn't aware I could claim my rec purchases too. thanks
Good ol best available dasher
im feeling very optimistic about my stash reducing abilities this month too so you can expect a really big empties post next time
Sometimes it’s annoying but I think it’s at an okay place right now
Lol just watched this episode
PowerPoint would be nice
>ultra-conservatives Um excuse me, I'm actually a Plus Ultra Conservative, thanks!
Oooh that's so sweet,she sounds like a good and caring mother. Does your dad know?
You are the only real person i can look at soo noo
You know, that never occurred to me! So keep cool in summer, warm in winter?
Haha me too! I just told my husband they were my favs and I never thought that would happen with BOTH of them.
i seriouly feel i am not being respected i dont have my privacy i am being ordered around
i feel wonderful earley said
I bought milk and honey for its cover. ended up loving it anyway.
That’s funny cause in the movies subreddit everyone was happy about black panther because of skin color.
i got up feeling all lively since the sun is extra bright today
i get close to feeling what that is like is through dance which is putting music and motion together in a similarly creative way
i feel only jubilant elation
This is powerful. I appreciated it so much. I hope to end up as free and as confident as you
I’m also glad I’m not the only one that swears a lot at the bastard objects.
Haven’t watched much of his other stuff but I loved his debunking of [NAME].
Sorry you’re having to deal with that crap on your birthday. Hope the rest of your day gets better!
i have a sense of both in my mind s eye i feel that divine energy way up aloft and i experience its reflection in me sometimes like a rare sunny day in a rainy climate
Dang ol Mega-Low mart on frye!
i hate the way mom and dad are to her i hate the neglect of her feelings and her needs as an intelligent child that are rampant in their parenting style
i have a serious question for some of you why do you feel it is ok to support a healthcare plan that tramples on anothers beliefs
So true, sometimes what’s obvious passes over our heads. Good post.
I came here to say basically the same thing. Too much talent and positional flexibility to have a standard lineup.
i feel an important experience for short term mission groups
i miss lev and i didnt think that i would cos lately at school weve been rubbing eachother the bad directions i think but i feel as if break is serving as a splendid cleansing time
Kudos to OP for not falling for the bait.
i should feel contented with what ive now
This was a previously agreed arrangement a week prior. I don’t have unrealistic expectations, I just expect to be included in something that is pre-agreed.
i feel so divine to be so cared for
Omg [NAME]! One of my favorite bb players
Thanks for explaining. So [NAME] *did* pay for her "show" ?
Closing in on $300,000 now, this stream is incredible.
I’m glad you fixed Minnesota, because there is a 0% chance we will go Red.
Lots, play store or apple store vpn. Nord is good
Terrifyingly accurate bot
Glad it's not just me!
i would very much like to come back here at a quieter time perhaps or if im feeling a bit brave then maybe during the night
i am feeling so much love for my own mother and appreciative of all that she has done for me
Hell yeah! I can't wait for the rust to break off and for people to be as excited as they were years ago.
Yeah that happened to me twice a month for years with an ex. Maybe someday we’ll do it 😅
i love everything that were learning about and feel really passionate about design
OHHHH, I like where Richmond is going with that.
Thanks, never heard that one.
Yeah buh idk. I’d have to be really horny too and I’m really shy and anxious around him.
i go i see our flag flying at the turkish schools and i feel very proud
Hah, much appreciated! :)
Yeah, assuming what he said is true yes he has a chance, but it's hard to say for sure given the circumstances
i still managed to feel tranquil and appreciate this archeological wonder
that's so wholesome 💜
i have to admit that i was beginning to feel pretty smug
i am constantly overwhelmed by the feeling that i am not smart enough not pretty enough not nice enough not talented enough and worst of all that i am not doing enough to make any of these things better
i went to see my pcm on post for a follow up appointment and i left feeling hopeful and optimistic
im definitely feeling festive
Wow, I wouldn’t doubt that at all. What a crazy situation! Poor woman!!
YES. I have been reporting this incel bottom feeding buttcoin troll for two days now.
I'm starting to wonder if these are satire... They're too hilarious to be actual conservative memes.
That’s an early contender for title of the year 2019. Bravo.
Unfortunately you’re absolutely right, no doubt about that
Roses - still gives me goosebumps till this day
That's awesome. Hahaha
Thank you, I'll try my best. At least i'm not binging while i'm here.
This will get us focused and we’ll play hard with a vengeful attitude next couple games
Mom has a Buc-ees cup!!
Whew. I'm safe then.
I’m pretty sure it’s soup chef.
Will do! Thanks!
im feeling artistic google art project
i feel like i should be thrilled and i am but at the same time i feel like crap
Ah, I see you are a man of culture, as well.
She looks almost devoid of color. Kinda like a manga. Amazing.
And those kids made fun of the people doing it just as much as everyone else. Source: i am a high school teacher.
Thank you. Language is weird. Why do you have multiple words for the same thing?
Lol, nah, that team was nothing more than nyxl and friends. Nyxl coach, and mostly nyxl players.
Better start believing in miracles then! LOL
i will be thinking of each one of you i will be happy toast and feel my sincere huge magical group hug link rel stylesheet type text css href http jdelivery
i wear it i feel super safe and calm
Thanks! Fridays...and Saturdays...and Sundays...all gonna be long, lol. Ack!
I would think: Thank [NAME] it's finally happening
Reminds me of that chick and the lizard, [NAME], and 7-11 tried to get the store number lol
i feel about the people or being accepted by them
52k upvotes in 2 hours. That's Reddit for you! Congrats, guy!
Proud of you!
I'm sorry, do people NOT listen to [NAME] 9th while driving?
I had forgotten, now I changed it, thank you very much for warning me about that! so sorry 🙏
Thank you so much for this advice :) i'm just really worried about going through the process again
Colts Offense is laughable right now
[NAME] is so cute ^_^, the second bunny image is my favourite. Since you haven't got any requests... I request Himiko.
Sounds like a horror junkie in the making. Congrats dad, you’ll have a buddy to watch movies with in a year or two!
I always thought the name of that sub, like this one, was intentionally ironic.
> "I have full confidence in [NAME]..." *Now* you are being diplomatic.
Wow thanks I gotta try this!
You’re truly welcome :)
if you look closely, the joke is people fighting on the internet for literally no reason
I get through a pack of tennis biscuits a week at work. Coconut bliss
i hope you can feel glad that she gave you so many things including memories that you can cherish
Ignorance is bliss
[NAME] I hope so.
Upvoting simply for the (Eli = )
pro tip they go in the hole better if you chop em up first
you are two hot cuties, all the bestest!
Chances are you’ll be playing against potato players that are worse than bots, so I think you’ve got it in you.
He takes so much abuse...and i appreciate it's him and not butcher or severson tight now.
we will see I hope your right. all we can do is play our best.
Good luck! Hockey season still has a few months to go. Might wanna invest in a punching bag. Two birds with one stone
Hey, take that grade with all the pride you can muster--no shame in being happy for an accomplishment! Congratulations!!
Thanks. 22-23 is about when Chabad bochurim tend to do semichah. And it's officially always done before marriage.
Tears of happiness rolls down the eyes
haha they definitely test for patience... looking at you gov.uk, and the whole of hmrc if I'm honest.
Oh yeah. That character could have had potential if they let him develop properly
Thanks I will consider that :)
i feel so bouncy and happy
It is hard [NAME] damn work, making something this pretty look like a chump!
i feel kind of talented right now lol hmmm
Thanks for the insight
I've come to the conclusion that TMoR's Snoo needs to be more orange.
Go on a group vacation!! Or a concert weekend that’d be fun!
i would set out in a sunny temper and generally feeling benevolent to all road users then every morning at approximately
what in the actual fuck. why are they still driving?!?!??!!?! Love the kindness of the young dudes tho
Hahah. I wish I could say that’ll get less painful with time but it won’t. Sorry my dude. F
[NAME] and I, we're gonna have a hell of a time!
I’d pass unless he cost nothing of significance.
i may be fighting a very weak argument but i feel that it is important that people do not lose the ability to listen to a true album
Indeed. I've had an eye removed and what you described is accurate.
Lol you're an idiot.
Since our newest addition to this holiday I've included a new, fun tradition where you hide a yellow toupee inside of the president's tree.
Adorable little buggers.
Wow OP sounds like you're really skilled at opening your legs, you're parents should be proud of you, STI and all.
It’s legal in TX but with restrictions. Traffic has to be moving slower than 15mph and the rider cannot exceed 30mph
Your comment from exactly 40 days ago was, “Your mom.” I wouldn’t recommend you eat your words.
Everyone else's obsession sounds useful... I get obsessed with certain actors.
My meme coins are starting to hit the 70% growth range from the beginning of the month. I'm feeling bullish.
It isn't a bad thing if the population in question is low IQ.
This is funny, although... Some people just can't take a yolk.
I just googled the thing. Yeah thats it! I might have described it incorrectly but that looks very similar. Thanks!
The weird thing is you’re not even the first haha
i didn t walk the whole distance just sampled four or five stretches but i came home feel charmed by the experience
I hope not, i was just sharing what happened to my bud. GL man, hope you get it figured out
Thanks. I'll go as soon as I can.
i feel triumphant and even thought it may be just a fleeting moment i am enjoying the power of motherhood
i do not feel welcomed going there
They are so damn handsome!
Oh sorry, i thought you were having a dig at him lol.
Well, seeing as how communism is by definition stateless, I'd be interested to hear how one would get communism with a state...
Funny. He said the same thing to me. I don’t even have a daughter.
Thanks! Would trollgc work too?
i feel supporting herself and four
Go off [NAME] This season has been a roller coaster but this guy is the best thing we've had in a while. He's so damn good
I can see that. Ffs who the hell would expect a Dean to recognize 2 people out of 25,000 people lol.
i feel fine read the rest
Every time. There’s a montage with this song in the movie Spring Breakers and it’s fantastic.
i was feeling quite clever at that point and i had not had even a drop of wine
i feel was not acceptable and had this been better would of allowed me to meet the needs of some of the students in a more targeted way
You have a long and amazing life ahead of you...you're beautiful 💜
Thank you. I have been watching a lot of porn lately and jerking off more and i think that helps. How are you doing?
Butterfly is cute... it’s the dreds that are gross
Brilliant movie.
Correct, there is no such law that obligates a woman to make her body available to gestate a fetus for someone else's convenience or amusement.
Definitely very messy. Thank you so much for your advice! Really hoping this works out okay.
yes the one place i can reinvent myself over and over without killing the bank account. i think the things there carry a certain personality with them too
This is a great detailed response. Thanks.
Wow. That'll teach you to try and help!
I got through it when I got home, thanks! :)
I really hope [NAME] is in mk11. Hes such an awesome character!
Old ladies are like the only ppl that are nice to me lmao. Kindered spirits with the ugly.
I agree: most [NAME] are much better than Prophet [NAME], which directly contradicts [RELIGION] doctrine.
And other hilarious lies you can tell yourself...
Thanks to the finicky nature of the reddit app, i accidentially gilded this post. Congrats :p
He rambles like a lunatic and she focuses on being called “not beautiful” of all things. Lol Uh oh I hear the downvote train a-comin’!
This is what I was looking for. I keep passing all the info up. I appreciate all the help!
He will, I feel like it's Christmas Eve and I'm waiting for [NAME].
id be more use at that level which would make the job feel more worthwhile and the season is basically half as long
Nice try Iwobi
i feel as a child innocent feelings illustrating a
That’s awesome.
Thank you. Let's see if it does :)
i am happpy when i get good results in the field of academics or athletics
I'm going to use "my dicky has to perpetually get sticky" as a line to pick up ladies. Wish me luck, guys!
It's so freaky. I'm a 40 something and the stock photos and really odd taglines are just baffling to me.
You guys are the reason I had my first smooth hit in months, thank you🤘🏽🙏🏼
It could be, but I hope it's abandoned. I haven't been too impressed with the flash forwards.
i saw nothing on the dining room table had moved i think im starting to feel its safe to come out again
I will, thank you!
😀ahhh I see what you did there, clever.
Lmao what an end to a quarter
Thanks for the feedback!
I did marry [NAME]
i feel joyful when im surprised and joyful when i am surprising someone
Even after the initial testing? Thank you!
i feel as if she isnt faithful but i dont have a reason to should approach her or just wait until i have a reason to approach her
i didn t feel very reassured by her tone but i understand this is a big shock and adjustment for everyone
Same, these are awesome!
You could easily avoid him. What a crazy concept
i feel like this shows the change that many countries have taken and that many countries are on the way to making this decision that includes supporting and increasing women in all areas of life
He will, they both look totally re-integrated. If not, they'll thrash the rockets bench guys lol
I have [NAME] hat so I could marry it, flip it and kill it
You are very welcome. Happy growing. Keep in touch with your success.
Totally agree. Their Rogue One commentary track is the only one I've never replayed, simply because he makes the same damn joke throughout the whole thing.
I feel for you (at a title 1 middle school in lausd) I had a tough day today and reading this made me feel a little better ✊🏼
You'll be stronger as you continue your journey, never give up
That was my first live Lions game (British and flights to DTW are expensive) I've never gone through so emotions in such a short amount of time
But he's relieving pressure. Just count yourself lucky he doesn't cough when he farts.
Hi [NAME], I love you, that is all. Can't wait to see you in Worcester in February!
Nobody has the money to. What a joke
>as a part-time Knicks fan Join us! Become a full-time Nuggs fan!
i feel special i would like to take this moment to thank everyone who sent out their warm birthday wishes and greetings it made me feel special
I am already so stoked for her eventual WATN episode, because she's going to keep kicking ass.
No problem! Happy to help :)
Alright cool thanks for the tip - I'll give it a try!
i feel the precious metals sector will be starting something like this in the near futures and possibly it has already started as seen in the rising volume on the down days
i stumble upon such a finding i feel quite excited almost like having accomplished a discovery
This pleases me.
When I was in 3rd Grade, I wanted to sneak into my pregnant teachers house and make her drink beer.
I like you. You're smart, cheeky, and funny. Well played.
i can t show my feelings well to my family and to the fans either
im feeling generous lately spirit of after christmas maybe
Yes. Less toxic =/= nontoxic.
Been there a few times but not recently. I'm a builder mostly, been behind the scenes and behind a fair amount of big brands since 2008-ish
The kind look on his face certainly helps
Happy to hear this exciting news. Congratulations on your fun-filled morning.
Words of wisdom! Do spend that cash in upgrading your ability cards.
Their wings are great! Huge, well breaded and sauced, comes with a nice dill ranch dipping sauce. But expensive as hell... $14 for 6 wings
I was expecting “little boys pants would always be ‘half off’!” But that would be in r/unclejokes
LHW is such a barren shithole that I’d be more excited for this than anyone at 205 getting a shot
I, too, am a lot of fun at parties. We can stand together in the corner!
There’s a fairly strong intersection between white supremacists and antivacs from what I’ve noticed
Anyone want adopt a dog while we are at this discussion lol?
Gotcha, thanks for the reply. I know about the emulator ones, just wasn’t sure if any had been ported
I might get to phaneuf traded levels of joy.
i hope that you enjoyed viewing and feel free to leave a comment
Great for domestic workers.
i know this is supposed to be a cheerfull season the christmas season but this is what i am feeling after loosing our beloved cat tigger earlier this year
Omg this is so amazing ! Keep up the awesome work and have a fantastic New Year !
i loved them more than anyone else and if i wanted them to feel valued and appreciated then i ought to give them better treatment than random dinner company right
I don’t think anyone on this show has ever joined a sport for exercise. [NAME] is awesome!!!
The House comes and goes every few years. Judges hang on until they die. Congrats on the House.
i feel like my parents and i are the only ones who think it is acceptable that i dont know what i want to do with my life and dont feel the need to
Best person available on DL or OL, CB if the two positions mentioned do not justify the pick. Trade back if we miss on all 3.
28 weeks!!?! modern medicine is AMAZING!
It was a dig at OP not you ahah, this video was posted there over a year ago
i want to help each of them feel special she said
So jealous lol we don't get to enjoy in TN :(
>"fun" is what you say when you can't give an objective reason something is good. -r/movies Filmé connoisseur
I think the [NAME] biscuit joke takes the cake
Lol ya mom
The tone is incredible.
I've just thrown all my spoons in the bin. I'll learn to eat yoghurt with a fork.
Was just thinking that. Great tunes
Well good...opera is often beautiful..though it retains the stink of the upper classes.. I cant help but deride art that caters to high society to stay alive.
i feel tranquil and content
i do not believe all media content is bad in fact much of it i feel is absolutly vital to human flourishing
i can smirk at folks who can t use outlook and feel like i m the superior smarter person surrounded by fools
That's actually a really good one. Atleti fans also seem to love him and literally everyone who faces him despises him.
I am out, it is a beautiful day and the air is crisp and refreshing.
I’m a crybaby now, but I’m so happy to see happiness
I’m happy for you two. Cheers!
i feel as though satan doesnt want these one here so im going to be that much more determined to get this out
Which you ultimately pay for in higher insurance premiums, court costs, etc. Dealing with big problems like this is a net positive for everyone.
This is beautifully written.
Season 2 just started and as a huge TNG fan I can definitely say the first season is the closest I've ever seen to another season of TNG
i have been feeling pleased with myself for being really healthy this pregnancy
If [NAME] is his idol, then we got ourselves a boi with a winner’s mentality
Fuck you, u/SamuelZeign ! Your breath smells funny.
i feel that lajoie would definitely be one of the hall of famers that a casual baseball fan would say who the hell is that
i still feel fine but i can tell i am getting weaker
Happy birthday, [NAME]!
i started to mess around something must have distracted me cause now im feeling playful
im not sure how my parents are feeling about this but my grandparents manchester ones aunty and uncle are ecstatic for me
You're a bad person, but a great [NAME].
This is the stupidest thing to get excited over (but I am)
I’m currently putting a investigative task force together and I believe that I could be done assembling that team in as early as 400 years!
im feeling cute and flirty and bright coloured lipsticks are for when im feeling bold etc
Mmm ... Chicken milk.
I once was the 2001st like on a youtube comment. It felt really good to be able to constantly flip that like count between 2K and 2.1K.
i sink into the deep sofa and feel safe surrounded by everything i have known for so long walls choc a bloc with paintings hundreds of art books to dip in and out of
I love the views from Red Road. Great photo.
well we tried hard. good effort boys!
Vegetarian, liked animals too. Lets just ignore that stuff about the [NAME], I sure he does not really mean it.
Ah yes that makes sense - the gofundme for her and the workers seems to be taking off at least (if it’s legit)
Nothing wrong with that! Sounds awesome :)
Embrace the feels my friend. Glad you found happiness even if it is fleeting.
Feels good to be a Nets fan right now
Just like demar used to do lol
i think the most significant feeling that i am left with after being here for a week is that we are all deeply privileged to live where we live and have what we have
Thanks for the detailed reply friend, much appreciated. I’m a history buff and love learning about these things.
Only 27? Lol
Thank you; I hope so too.
Oh i already watched the whole thing when it aired. That match was awesome! I just wanna rewatch the last 20 mins of the womens rumble
good guy win
i feel like i have reached a plateau where im not buying as much as i use to and feeling more satisfied with my wardrobe and personal style
You are right OP didnt think this 1 through
i am writing this i remember between feeling assured i wasnt dead and checking the window that me and my mom started fighting
I didn’t rely on them necessarily. I just dislike chiefs and [NAME] lol
I wish I could upvote this a million times. What a wonderful tack to take.
i feel delighted to contact you
i don t know how i feel about this but i am beyond thrilled that the fall show will happen in paris
This definitely sounds like bipolar mania or a schizophrenic episode. I hope he gets some help.
My experience has been the opposite. Younger guys are sweeter and try harder- without trying to wife me down. We just have fun together
im feeling generous ahahahaha im so morbidly funny
One of my 56 favourites
Happy New Year
i feel like posting something clever problem is of course im not an extremely clever person
Hm okay. I’ll tell the technician that’s what I believe it is and do some googling now. Thanks for the quick response!
I Play on ps4 so thats a Little uncomfortable but thanks
That's the point tho, they had lots of talent already, and just a couple of changes at the key spots changed everything
Now that would be an interesting game! Not quite sure it's the matchup I'm looking for though. Lol
old school from back when we won the cup
Oh man! Oh boy!
i remember feeling excited about that particular day because i considered myself a grown up and woop
That’s crazy. Depending of the state you’d effectively be obligated to work for that employer.
Thank you. People always forget that The Happiest Days of Our Lives is essentially part of that song.
I'm gonna say break it off and expect them to date at some point. So prepare for that one. Sorry bud, good luck!
i must comment that i believe medications are life saving in many situations but i also feel that it is important to report the full story
i feel much more relaxed i am enjoying life again i am very comfortable being myself and i never stop dreaming and tackling new projects
That looks righteous!!
i always get questions about blocking in my classes and its a topic i feel pretty passionately about as a knitter and as a teacher
i have been praying everyday about it and i just feel more and more convinced that this is what god has called me to so we will see
i feel safe being a loser and this attitude is reflected in the way i live
It’s funny
i am feeling more productive
Yes, good for Destiny and Bungie, I wonder if they will return to Microsoft, remain independent or sign with another company.
great work!
Planning to make a comeback soon™
As a non-legalistic [NAME], I wholeheartedly agree. :)
That chick at the end. She just gets sucked onto the floor by pure sexual magnetism. 😂
i feel assured that my mind is not one
i have a feeling that christ welcomed corey and then whispered youve got some work to do son
Congratulations, there are success stories in this group. Forge on with your life but watch out for other (jerkfaces).
i feel pretty content i feel pretty content
Thanks for your kind words, I really appreciate it and I hope you're right.
That’s really cool! How did you do this?
Yeah I can't imagine who wouldn't want to come out first to such a supportive friend
I consider everyone attractive in their own way, so everyone is intimidating.
It also would have to take less than like 2 hours for me to get to my destination, time is worth more to me than real money ya know
Ew yes I’m glad you brought that up.
i was exceptionally hurt by it and i m definitely still feeling the impact when it comes to trusting people
i am feeling soooooooo giggly
i struggled to feel any empathy for any of the characters the main characters anyway while the supporting cast were much more interesting in some ways
i was feeling i half joked ive been undressing you with my eyes for months already the rest of me is eager to share in the fun
Glad I could help. Feels good once in a while, I know the feeling.
Sooooo happy for you.
im feeling brave the girls and i venture out for a walk with the intent of maybe making it around the block
Thanks for sharing.
i feel pretty officer krupke and somewhere
The duck looks very dignified. Some might even say he looks presidential.
Thanks, I hope I can get through it too. Good luck with your futile attempts to sleep :p
I gotta say, some of the things mentioned are pretty fun. I mean, at least when your in your 20s.
Thats pretty sweet.
Wow it looks like we held our own negotiating here, nice to see.
Thank you!
Good luck! It's a long road ahead for us :P i have a job interview next week and i'm going all in for it.
Never heard of him before, But I believe in [NAME]. He’s going to be a legend after we hire [NAME]. Long live [NAME].
Aww that makes me happy!
im days post op and i am feeling fantastic
Baby, You get all the credit with your excellent research!
I got you dude! I use it a ton, Glad I could make it worth it for you!!
his talk show is pretty great
Ah ok. Thank you!
You're welcome! Glad you're enjoying them.
i thought i would challenge myself i really wanted to capture a realistic view of the animal whilst also showing of my own unique painting style i feel this was successful yet next time i would go larger
I use 3 different credit unions and all of them are great. Used Wells Fargo for a short while and hated them.
I have nothing to say to you.
Thank you so much❤️
Yeah I suppose lol, but either way yours is the best one I've seen so far
Last nights euro run had over a foot for most of the area lol. Its probably overdone but still crazy
Okay, enough me being a great mom.
Outstandingly well done.
i last talked to her and now i feel all bouncy again i shall sleep well tonight methinks
>Even though [NAME] quit live performing after he got diagnosed but ok
because it’s funny
Just cleared normal mode! I'm having a lot of fun xD
i feel we can all relate
Here’s hoping this ends soon lol
This is legit an awesome idea. There’s a reason rifles are shouldered like that. Makes it easier to stabilize it. Stability is important in photography
Congrats to you!! So happy for you! wow socks is sooo nice!
Good deal, thanks
I might be having carrot cake tonight!!! I love it! And that coffee sounds like the perfect pair! Enjoy it
I can totally see it. I’d be very interested to see them interact.
I hope they meet someone who changed their name to Dad
im with you i feel like were always entertained simply because were content just being with each other
Oh you got me. Good one.
Agreed, probs an older brother. Source: am an older brother
i feel safe to leave my house in the morning
i feel rather superior but not in this case
Thank you so much! This summarizes a lot!
Idk why youre downvoted, executing a manequin seems fun
Oh cool it’s another episode where lefties forget about consent
ive been feeling lately that i am much less likeable than i used to be
Haaaaay it’s the NAGR Guy!!!!!
i have developed my commercial property skills and knowledge significantly and feel a lot more confident in my work
i have my best most productive happiest days when i m feeling inspired
If I were him, I would have made sure to fall HARD the second the first officer touched me. Congrats, you're getting paid kid.
im really just here to write whats on my brain if you want to read it and tell me im crazy stupid boring awesome genius then feel free
i am feeling and how much i am trusting god varies enormously
i mean genuinely appreciate and show him how happy it made you when he did x and that it made you feel y he will want to keep doing things to make you happy
Went on a trip to the Austin area. This park is nice if you haven’t been there. Subscribe if you can. Enjoy
You must be really slow. Life must be hard for you. You have my pity.
Ugh, thanks. I'm still working through it emotionally 😂😂 so funny about worrying over the stain!
Thank you. You’ve given me a beam of hope
Good always love him
i feel good about the choices i made in terms of our readings
Happy New year!
His loss! A child is the most precious thing life has to offer. Good riddance, you deserve better.
That was such a good cast. Loved that year.
It’s certainly a cute concept.
Is that supposed to be outrageous? Assuming he met the requirements and earned them all, good on the guy for planning for his future.
Deservedly so too. Tbh I think you must be the favourites.
[NAME] might steal this format if that’s ok with you lol
i feel like it isnt totally resolved with angie
i can feel the cool sand against my back
Wow, amazing job, Mr. [NAME]! Another liberal absolutely DESTROYED with facts and logic! So eloquent and wise...
That was something I was told as well. It makes sense. Thanks for verifying that as an option.
Try being a Cubs fan in the Bay Area. I was walking on thin ice in 2016 haha.
i feel so strongly and passionate about so hearing that just made my heart sink
Handsome with dark touch!
Great shot, from experience very difficult.
Thank you so much. ♥️ that means a lot.
Good to know, thanks for response
i no longer a chiuv that is one a man with have an obligation to say kaddish and daven from the amud lead prayers i feel more relaxed
You're a monster!
So brave!
Our love is like, a violent game between children baby.
ive had 300ug tabs before, took 2 had full on ego death was naked with my friends jumping on moving cars
So dumb it's genius.
...it was a corgi, and that dog looked happy as hell.
Thank you! And may [NAME] shine His love upon you!
I made this a 41 from a 42, so satisfying!
Nice, thanks man
Yeah the last one made me laugh
Dark and funny, but not really nice guy. He has yet to call the dead girls whores for declining to sleep with him.
i can vent some feelings or keep one person entertained then i will be happy
i walk away from church feeling invigorated and ready to embrace the week
OK thanks 😂 I just typed she automatically and then realized I had actually no idea if she was a she hahaha
i have a very very very small circle in which i feel comfortable turning to when the days are maddening
i go to the gym i can t even get my heart rate high enough to feel satisfied thanks to the level of competition i ve experienced in the past couple of years
Broooooo Just cause I can use my PC to play Earthbound doesn’t mean I don’t want it on my TV
I am from central pennsylvania and moved to AZ. Phoenix definitely has the nicest expressways in the country.
You're right :) It's not all about aim though Anyways, [NAME] hard to hit lol D:
i feel so appreciative to the owners of this cafe
Lol. It's funny cause people might do it.
i feel that i have gotten to know the students pretty well and i talk to the parents if they drop their students off for the day
You're very welcome. You do, and I hope (for your sake and especially for your daughters') that things work out for you all.
Ah, as a fanatical supporter of the Alliance I've not done any of the Horde content, thanks for letting me know
i want to do it the right way oh orihime whispered back feeling reassured in his sincerity
Wait that’s actually funny why is it on this reddit
i gained admission immediately after college so i feel i m of the privileged ones
The best part of adult snow days is no make-up!
I appreciate the honesty! If you don't mind me asking, what state do you live in?
Have them put out a Linux client and I'll be happy to give them a try.
lol why would we leave the PL’s top scorer on the bench
i feel like i cant be brave
I think that’s accurate. The probably I think means maybe will get a set
Interesting read. Thanks for sharing
You're in for a treat- enjoy :)
I still don’t understand what did [NAME] do? Lol
i spent a while in here otherwise i was in my room reading and working in the feeling good handbook or making notes on how to further keep my anger under control once i was discharged
I’m glad you’re safe now and nothing bad happened!
Hope that helped. :P
You two are perfect for one another.
i had gone to the cumberland earlier that week so had met a few of n amp h friends prior to the weekend which was really lovely as since moving away i feel there are so many wonderful people i don t know
Must be nice
i may not be rich by material standards but i feel very rich because i am grateful for what i have
i really feel quite honoured to represent my country
Interested in Carlton stuff.
Oh great now Soda is screaming again just what I needed.
i feel all respected trusted give him all i know im a good kisser nijifagilie
Everyone is allowed to have their own opinions, let's try to not resort to name calling no matter how much we disagree
Me cheering for the Wild this year
I teased him about being an off center unicorn lol
I'm very much like that, here's my face lol You're either interested or you're not
I feel this in my soul.
Good layup [NAME] now just try not to get completely lost on defense haha
LOL where did you hear that?!
i parted feeling that we had created some wonderful memories
We could cure child cancer and pictures like this would still make me happier
That's great to hear! I had no idea we actually helped so many people with just a dumb sign and some cookies.
Happy to assist with the credit repairs. I've been in the industry for over 20 years. It takes time but it's fixable.
I laughed.
TOLD YOU ALL, bravo
Just found out. Thanks for the tip.
I’m in the same boat with anthropology. 8 months post graduation. Still no job prospects. Glad I’m not alone
I don't follow him but I don't see a problem if he wants to do that. Maybe he's just inquisitive.
This is my favorite [NAME] joke I've seen
Well dayum that was cool.
i feel more lively
I was in Buckhead waiting to celebrate in the streets. Ugh. [NAME] freakin [NAME].
I'm going to Rome for a second date. The joys of Bumbling while back home for Christmas and meeting another emigrant.
i couldnt help but feel a little out of place in our casual attire
That’s a cool steering wheel cover
I fucking love that you actually educated me a little about punk. Thanks for the suggestions, I'll definetly listen to them.
He's given them a year and a new budget. Everyone knew this was going to happen.
im now feeling a little more resolved to get my shit done too
That's awesome. You are a great and good person with a good heart. Never, ever change❤
im feeling cool today
Enjoying it. It makes shaving my head easier.
Its not gonna happen.
Glad that's settled
i feel very honoured that i evoke so much emotion in you that would drive you to put in so much effort for me
I like how the title contradicts the subreddit it’s posted on.
I would give r/momforaminute a visit, the people over there are fantastic and I think they can give you some comfort
there was joy in me when i heard that i was to take a course as a medical assistant
Yeah he's a real one. I would've loved him coaching the Broncos
Woooooooooo it took long enough but the UYU boys finally did it and made the league
Well in that case, i'll agree with you. I guess we can all do without scholars.
i dance the more i feel joy the more generous i become with myself the more i live in the present the more i let myself off the trauma hook the less important the past becomes
i feel im getting less and less vigorous
As far as I know you can only get one RI in a day.
very wise, your flair reminds me of the quote "There can be no true despair without hope."
Well said, hope more and more people continue realize this and discover/take-back their power!
i am feeling strong and indulging in the strength of my body feeling good about what it can do and how it looks while its doing it
im feeling artistic today
You can humanize and normalize everything.
Damn, you're good a parkour. That was a pretty giant leap to be made.
This is amazing. Love these edits.
How he dropped that sheep, probably going to hell but i almost choked laughing.
i manage to reach a conclusion after all my musings i feel somehow more resolved
So I see! Very nice. Thanks for the explanation :)
i feel extraordinarily lively
Happy birthday! Drinking one for you tonight. When you get up tomorrow you can take the first step to making sure next years birthday will be better!
Thanks for sharing. I'm afraid I will start to squint, this way. Not sure if it's the case.
Unfamiliar with **[NAME] neighbours** Still I live at least 75' from 2 very nice quiet and respectable peeps.
im zooming right through the second trimester and i feel fantastic just as i did with trinity
For fun!
Thanks for gping to the effort, but i would be surprised if he read it and gave it the chance he have trump. Pleasantly surprised, though.
Reminds me of "This Be The Verse", haha.
I have a solid plan in place, definitely not an impulse decision. Just curious about other people’s experiences.
Mental health issues get such a bad rap as it is. I appreciate this comment a lot.
i feel ive got my foot in the door of the fantastic world of walking and running the trails fells and mountains
i always feel this tangle in my stomach i never just feel content and wanted
i feel that many people need to worry about their own families their own children and their own self because time is precious
i love running because i feel strong and powerful and totally in control
It's good, good, good, good - good good good!
i don t think i d feel this way so often if teachers were more respected and allowed to have more autonomy
Ireland has only ever had far right or centre right governments in charge lol
i just feel like lex has convinced you that youre something that youre not martha said her eyes getting misty
Seconded. I had the December one well into January and finally just changed to the Sabres logo. Still cool and all, but the schedules were awesome.
if its not for [NAME] i will combust into flames and I will die
When you stop making garbage takes, I'll stop correcting them
Intresting. Well I sure did learn something today! Cheers!
I'd sure as hell hope their washing their hands after at least.
The people you know have silly opinions. Its their best album since black holes.
i feel as if my husband s life is valued and the duty of care towards him is taken seriously
i don t know what i want in my life at the moment and even though things are really good and stable in many ways i still don t feel content with it
Ha at least you’re in on the joke.
It's the best, I haven't been so happy in a long time!
I completely agree, I just think there is more of a chance of Clowney getting tagged than [NAME] getting tagged a second time.
He claims the starting job and we make the playoffs, I think it would be hard to argue against him.
I got so high someone from the future stopped me from getting high.
i didn t burst into tears or some other devastating release of feelings or thoughts because i seemed to know that rich also had to go through his own space without me just dumping on him
I stopped watching after I had to suffer through a whole episode without [NAME] removing his shirt
no, thanks for asking
Oof, that was efficient
happy birthday dude!
Same, hopefully it’s there in 15 years so people have the opportunity to look at it and pick a different brand.
That's what you get when you stretch a series for too long.... "Ohhh gee....welp.... another one....."
that's adorable asf
[NAME] just keeps hopping backwards and forwards in time with no repercussions?
For some reason I'm imagining a hauty, French snorting laugh.
Thanks so much, appreciate it. She actually wanted to read CES letter with me tonight, we really about a 1/3. Will post update later on.
That’s horrible. You definitely didn’t deserve it. I’m glad to hear you’re doing OK now.
That’s downright creepy. It’s as if he’s testing if $50 will keep you quiet if he does inappropriate things.
i feel he is so talented and so realistic
That’s my luck. Lol
Thank you. [NAME] killed it, earned his spot. Love my packers but sometimes people in this sub are ridiculous
lmao okay dude
I’d probably need up spending all of my money on food and ammo, I like having a limit
Islanders [NAME] says that given what happened yesterday we win this game 7-2 after a lackluster first period with a [NAME] hat trick.
i wanted to use older kx forks wheel w disc brakes but am was not feeling adventurous enough to try to figure out a stem and lowering the off road height
You know what I love abou you [NAME]? Octopussy. Man, I must have seen that movie... twice.
i am so proud of him and who he has become and i feel privileged to call him brother
If you’re going to be a psycho you might as well smile and make it look like you’re a happy one.
Ah thank you! I just remembered it the way I said. Was never sure if that's what it meant.
It was more of a sarcastic ‘lol yeah right’. Nothing funny about wanting to harm my cat or control my life.
PAC man looks too fast
Thank you for reminding me about how much I love the JJBA abridged series.
Nice try GRU.
Thanks for the feedback! I will certainly keep that length range in mind.
i need to see in the wild before i feel completely satisfied but for now i can say that at least we fulfilled the whalentee
Nah, that's ArmedForcesUpdate, always good for a laugh
AWIL, great movie.
i think he is what really made us decide to stay with multiband because he made us feel valued and listen to the fact i am a student and need to do homework
Bedside Rounds (which that user puts out) is also a very interesting podcast on medical history.
We need mark-ass brownlee
I've been there. It's one of the most diverse places on Earth.
Joke's on u, I already have small penis!
You must be fun at parties
> the heartbreak of a nice older truck being ruined Lol, the truck was new when this video was made.
Congratulations, the most poorly written video game story in history made you think twice. You must be a genius.
Oh so it is a separate guy filming, it’s actually impressive how synced up their speeds are
Yay let’s get nice and pissed
Shut up, why you so stupid!? I'm just kidding
im left feeling convinced this is another relationship that is damaged and it was one of only a handful remaining that i had trust in
It seems like someone felt personally attacked, lol.
Quad turret hopefully
This is actually really sweet... 46 g of sugar per tattoo sweet
We’ve done this twice, we have four awesome trees from them. Awesome organization!
i feel hopeful and excited that this will only get better and more fun as we go
im not sure theyre right to feel triumphant but they certainly got a lot of comfort from the way the arguments went
A joke is subjective pal, second of all you need to mature/grow up and get a taste of the real world before giving your political opinions.
i feel that giraffes are elegant majestic and appealing
Which is why I'm glad he turn around as he did. xD Still is both scary and funny if you look at it from a different light
i just don t like to smile don t feel like talking and i don t want to be considerate
i feel so grounded delighted in a good mood and filled with a positive energy
with these comments i thought this was r/vegan for a sec lmao
i know what that feels like and i hate it so i try to be considerate and listen to them
i am especially interested in hearing your thoughts or perspective on what you read about how men and women feel respected or lived
i hate the feeling that i can t do anything useful
i alsways feel so carefree
Just wait until you're 36 and in a solid career so you can marry a used-up foid who only wants you for your betabux, bro.
That's a classic. You have good taste.
This is the first time I've finished something so cringey. I'm dead inside, thanks.
I’d gladly
I know he lives in Texas and I have his phone number and things like his name and age but nothing else really.
That's a fantastic reply! Thanks.
So fucking awesome. Cheers from Brazil.
i know you feel supporting an inept city manager who has cost the tax payers millions already with his bungling is important
They can't find police for the streets in England, but somehow with Ireland they always find a way.
i asked them to join me in creating a world where all year old girls could grow up feeling hopeful and powerful
I really hope your marriage is healed and can become stronger than ever.
i feel like he was more important to me than i thought he was
Yeah - thanks - I vaguely remember this. I wonder what her net worth was year by year? Too lazy to investigate.
I'm fairly sure alpro have what you're looking for
Glad you learned from it m8 and hopefully you are doing okay now
It’s common in business but it’s nice to see an organization have respect like that (unlike the Stars owner).
You’ve just exemplified your own idea, thank you for further explaining it. I couldn’t agree more.
For real my wife was like what the hell are you laughing so hard at... I couldnt even explain i just kept laughing.
Np just passing it forward from another comment haha. Love the sudden silence in this video. Love the look on everyone’s faces.
i feel precious little pressure to fill them with content with giving them answers that they can regurgitate at will
I've always thought [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are beautiful.
Your welcome.
I WaS KIddInG i loVE U lOLlOL
Oh that's lovely.
It's not hypocritical to find annoying behaviour annoying. The two situations aren't mutually exclusive.
Lol the guy in white who just leans back and looks away when he gets [NAME] ass in his face
i can feel what it feels like being a girl in hypnosis only and be perfect and normal in real life
You should be much, much more worried about a rise in fascism than pedophilia. Thinking that pedophilia will be normal is just plain paranoid.
i feel so welcomed
You got it, thanks!
Keep practicing until you get real confident
NICE... TO.... MEET YOU... OW!
Leave ASAP. That is all. Your life will be better for it
It's a great side business. Great margins no returns
But also the smell!! People go past KFC and say Mmmm I must get some lol
An admirable effort
Something cute and fluffy who gets to nap a lot, lol.
Did we see the same scene? [NAME] takes it like a champ. You *gain* points for turning her down.
Um, I was agreeing the context was indeed *very* different. Not sure what you're getting at.
Thanks I'll give it a go. Nothing used for randoms at all? Would it be better for me to find a group to play with?
i feel like our life is anything but glamorous
I would make sure I didn’t leave any soda cans anymore so I could have the high ground, and then hide all but one cup lol
i feel like submitting this to the palcebowhores community i remain amused
Good suggestion, he does a great job guarding [NAME] in their matchups
i feel excited just exams left to freedom m wish me superduperreally luck
This is a great thread for catching up on my block list. 10/10 would block again
i am new to this forum and i wish to have extended friends and acquaintances here as i feel this is quite a friendly forum
Fair enough. I typically focus more on the lower bound because I hate when people use "millennials" as a synonym for "youths."
Awesome! Thanks! I'll start the process tomorrow!
i feel blessed to be able to see that we didn t do anything
Thanks- I'll take your advice.
Even though it was fake, the Olive Garden commercial was pretty good.
Ooh, the pupil proportion was wonderful at this time.
That was honestly my first thought I’m so glad someone else went there too
I appreciate your honesty.
Alright, thanks. I appreciate you taking your time to explain that to me.
This really is next level
I get needing a good education but what is with people acting like spending the most per student is a badge of honor?
im feeling a bit mellow this morning
I can only download games using SteamCMD at work at the moment, so yeah, glad I could buy it before the shutdown
i do find most to be geocentric and i feel we sure do get enough of them
i feel ecstatic just to see you
Respect for the homepod I got two of em. Arguably bit overpriced but it’s an amazing product
I’ll see you there. I laughed out loud at this one too. RIP.
My wife enjoys marking me. We just make sure they are below the collar line.
The bed is comfy and I want it to stay that way
Yeah, right. [NAME] can marry [NAME] for that matter, as it seems only his genius is keeping her on the throne.
Tbh, 2020 he would give us another amazing album. This year could still be rushed, but it’s great to see him out and shit
i feel as though my sub arguments are stronger and i support my claims better than i did in the beginning
ive turned it on a bit but its feeling very casual
I've heard vegetarians talking about various sources of cholesterol, maybe try r/vegetarian and ask what meats they prefer?
that was absolutely beautiful
Like and smash that subscribe button, I'll see you in the next video for my best v-bucks giveaway yet
Yeah. You obviously can read the mind of all the voters.
They all clapped.
i should feel blessed to have but what about me cause i thought i mattered in this situation
[NAME] has stated that he's open to decriminalization. It's up to the legislature at this point.
Brave move. Congrats and best of luck.
I never noticed this, how cool. I will keep an eye out for it! Another death foreshadowed by something small.
Haha! Toronto, the hotbed of conservatism.
I think only Germany would have this kind of organization skills. Source: Know 2 Germans. Am therefore expert.
In draft I see a lot of enchantress. Even without Enchantress if Lodestone Demolition gets 6 dmg(same as Lightning Strike) I am happy.
Im having a terrible day and you made me laugh thank you
Yes I do. Two bartenders can easily bring home $4k a month each.
[NAME] will probably get offers from other teams, he may not even be a [NAME] next year.
Already taken haha
i am empowered i feel superior
thanks i hate her
Happy birthday and I'm really glad I won't be feeling like you when you wake up tomorrow
I think you're pretty neat, but I respect your distance
i feel respected and i feel like i am worth something
Congrats, still waiting on getting called for an interview for another internal position. Applying around Christmas HR is so fucking slow.
he's an awesome bro
Yeah that's funny. Girl who didn't like that is probably some [NAME] wannabe thot.
im feeling lucky button on google
[NAME] chatting with a kid while waiting to come out for the stars of the game. What a great guy.
This is my favorite game of all time. Thanks for bringing back some good memories!
i have been doing absolutely no exercise however and sticking to that literally just sitting around but i feel i just need some supporting thoughts
Yep, the presidency isn’t at all related to the 22nd amendment. Be gone, chud.
GOAT FLAP. Thank you! I am in the middle of hormones right now.
i feel this strategy is worthwhile
I’m laughing more that I feel I should st this but I just lost my leg so...
They aren't wrong here in illinois. :(
I don't blame you, this sub makes me feel crazy on a daily basis.
Good job Clemson. You're becoming the new [NAME].
I already love [NAME]. [NAME] gorgeous, but just didn't charm me as fast Ms [NAME].
i feel like ive become more relaxed as a parent
They aren't horrible in the least bit. Just learn from your mistake, remember, and move on. That's all you can do.
Yep. When precedent is very right-wing ‘centrism’ is just “I fundamentally believe we shouldn’t move left any significant amount”
Wow .. this is more terrifying than if they were a ghost ! Amazing twist
I would like a link as well, please. :)
Yeah truly ugly people never post their pics on rateme subs.
Thanks for the reply! May I ask what part of the world you're from?
Oh he'd be far too attractive lol He's southern anyway, would still need to put on an accent
can he break throws though? just kidding. yellow is the season 2 green, OP dude. keep focussing on small steps. better rank will follow later.
i got to walk in the rain and feel triumphant over nature in my rain boots and pink rain coat
We understand! This is a very common reaction to our study. I appreciate you suggesting it :)
I saw it on the internet, so it must be true!
i woke up this morning feeling content despite yesterday being a day involved in mundane paperwork that government bureaucrats revel in
i feel like i don t have any useful powerful or special gifts
That was fun.
Ah man this video has everything, drama, action, a tiddy poppin out
Might as well give Baron [NAME] a shot. He stepped aside for [NAME], he probably deserves a real shot now.
I have friends who drove from interior Alaska to Arizona in less than 48 hours... It's possible.
i just want to see him put more effort in making me happy and special and making me feel more assured
I had hot dogs. They were delicious, lol!
Damn I didn't realize we just locked up the season series against the jets. That's good to see.
That’s kind of cool! You made a friend at the store. I usually make people want to leave.
I cant stop seeing SS VS BM
Thanks for sharing! I can so see me taking the scraps when he inevitably is having a good day and reaches out. I will resist!
But thats for [NAME] and our secret getaway plan to escape to a better life, not this one. Lol
I am twice as proud of my baby [NAME].
That last paragraph before the edit lmao. So fake it hurts.
Oh. Great
i know he s feeling to me is sincere so i could tolerate these small trouble but i can t stand his this character in the performance of the sex life of husband and wife
i expect and i feel content with that
I enjoyed the 1:50 seconds of this person going about their day uneventfully
Wow! What a big beautiful terrific post, thank-you OP for enlightening us to these hidden truths.
Bro thank you for what you do, and keeping the roads clear so I can make money, thank you
>captain [NAME] Wow, great nickname. Do you and the president swap notes on this?
Saved this. Not OP but I feel like you just threw me a life jacket. Thank you.
i feel as though there has been some divine intervention on my behalf
Harsh, but true
Such a cute baby, and yet his life begins with stupid parents doing stupid stuffs...
I hate this self-defeating bullshit. Yes, of course you can lose weight. Everyone can. Literally everyone.
i started to feel fine sleep wouldnt come to me
Don't live near Chicago but still have my winner from the Dec 21 game. Hope I can still use it when I'm back on the 27th.
*Chocolate thugs don't mess around* That's interesting though. Something to look forward to when you wake up
W-what a great audience
i am feeling incredibly thankful for my family
I know what I said son
im feeling generous and you can have two top tips
Female INTP and i concur! Especially the kids bit! And the Adorkable!
i die wont some man make me feel that lifes worthwhile
i would feel joyful
I find that kind of thing really funny too!
i have to squint with a magnifying glass to read it i chose the little oxford dictionary of english grammar at least this makes me feel intelligent even if wrecking my eyesight to read it makes me an idiot
Fascinating! Thanks for the info!
Hahaha! Yes.
Do NOT disrespect [NAME]. He is a beautiful, good man!. [NAME] is far from it and not near as pretty.
Damn you have a lot of alts. :D
great for on the go! but i’ll always smoke glass if i’m home :)
that made me cry tears of sadness and joy at the same time.
i feel so lucky to be nominated for the liebster award
Your idea of the supposed limitations of bots is actually hilarious.
I'm floored by their solution for "landing" the drones. It's so brilliant. I love this channel!
i have definitely felt the stirrings of spring and although i expect more winter weather in march i feel assured that the seasons are changing
i am concerned that my gut feeling about not dropping aol that quickly about not trusting verizon was not just paranoia
And based on the film of [NAME] novel *Johnny Got His Gun*, both worth checking out.
Unreal. [NAME]- Expert level
> I didn't know that. That's a perfect solution. Thank you!!
Good luck dude!! Try to lower your expectations and everything will be more enjoyable .
i could have used for this blog post but this one perfectly describes the way i feel as well as give tribute to my
Yes thank you
He’s my pick. That fist!
cool story bro
The rhyme scheme is amazing
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂you win the internet today 😅😅😅😅😅😂😂😂😂😂😂
Ahhh! good old social forced slavery... For real, good advice, thanks.
This is a good point, thanks :)
Yep, whole different story if mom finds her favorite vibrator buzzing on the floor still.
This is the best creepy pasta I have **EVER** read.
i have thankful for being able to feel thankful after getting through hardship
I think those red hats increase their IQ by -1
Well Played
BPC-157 may help you in healing. I wish you the best. You totally dodged several bullets.
i feel fairly sure readers will continue to pay for fiction
I'll have to start paying attention to the Diamondbacks now. Hope he does well out there!
Good things take time.
i know myself and see how entrenchedly selfish i can be to feel accepted at the same time is a deeply moving experience and is at the heart of pureland buddhism
i feel really terrific so far
I guess. I respect the boots on the ground cops. They aren’t the ones coming up with these ridiculous policies.
I think only time will heal this pain that I’m going through. I hope I get over him soon, especially before school starts!!!
[NAME] hits centre mass more often than a world class sniper. It's a fairly impressive.
I really enjoy my job but I get paid $62k I don't know if that's considered high paying but it's plenty for me.
good job with being proactive with mental health.
i just wanna say that the last three months i feel so happy about my blog
I'm so glad I saw this!!! Now I know how to wash my face! I can't wait for the tooth brushing tutorial🤗
Hmmm...I'm sure you were being very reasonable beforehand.
Thanks I’m falling in love, and it’s also cost efficient!
Same here! Although I just try to be happy whenever I am with my child.
i may heighten crucial concerns pertaining to expatriates predominantly budgetary but also during the areas i always really feel could be useful and or important or perhaps fascinating
They gave me free Subnautica which is an incredibly wonderful game so I'm pretty darn happy. And it's not exclusive.
I am a 22 year old male... i hope to give mine away to a amazing girl someday...
Seems fun, wonder how she would have ended up if the ca er was not there
Tell him to breathe quietly during the show or else! Ha ha ha
Yes! Im glad you see where he got that n-word take from 😂😂
i feel a creative mind brings more diversity and new thinking to any job
i amos does such a beautiful job retrofitting cohens song and really his basic arrangement too with her own piano work that it feels to me like more of an artistic effort than merely paying homage
Same, I zoomed in, skeptical AF that this could be a painting! Wow!
i wanted to feel assured
Wow, this is beyond fascinating.
Its a tough thing, but our government NEEDS to be downsized drastically. I just hope the affected employees have help with the transition.
i love the sweet grateful people we serve and speaking with our members and meeting them in person always makes me feel invigorated
Thank [NAME].
I mean, I know you are being sarcastic, but your words are too accurate for something a supporter would actually say
The American way is to show some empathy for others come on dude
i thought i d get enough info to know about the subject but i went home feeling comfident that i could actually do it and keen to get started experimenting
Savannahs? Like 30 lb dogs in a cat skin and they look amazing to boot.
Her parents are raising her to be a terrible person. Fantastic.
that’s why I asked haha
i continue without alva and noe but tell her that ill be out on the course as long as she is and after awhile i try running and even that feels ok
Oh cool. Did everything else that got listed not happen either?
My fav frank songs are white Ferrari, super rich kids and bad religion, I know those are popular songs I just wanna get deeper into his music
Your nurse is an idiot and I'm sorry you dealt with that. Yes you are sterile, and talking to your doctor is a good idea.
This is a thing of beauty
i mean i feel that they do need them cos they get so passionate about their belief no matter how unrealistic it may be
That makes sense, thanks
Wow... Mid 2000's this would of been a way better follow up to Space Jam and probably just as if not more popular.
That's cute. Sincerely Nepal, 7.6
Thanks for the [NAME] quote.
Suffer? I’d say that’s an interesting word to use. Hopefully they are replaced by automation.
Sonofabitch that makes it so much better [NAME] Edit: you talking about this?
I don't have a problem with this if their hands are clean.
Thanks, I'll keep that in mind for sure. After I get my Cadians and Lizardmen finished up I'm gonna start looking into Bolt Action
Thank you so much! I love Germany! I was in Berlin 2 years ago for research work.
Yeah, still the wrong strain to even remotely dive into CBD therapy (<0.7, yikes)... but I understand your point.
i know that i feel more successful now writing a blog in my sweatpants while my baby sleeps on me than i did when i commuted on trains and ferries with a business card in the pocket of my armani blazer
"Highline poles"; I'll keep those in mind. Thanks.
soon i’ll have an army of karens and no one will be able to stop me
Yes? FBI? This Lady Right here..
i was feeling remarkably calm at this point
i want to feel happy
But funny, and that absolves the sin!
i feel more optimistic about pakistan for now
wow bailed tf out
i feel as if i have had enough sleep and have much more vital energy than i have ever had before taking it
Congrats bud! Hope it was a good 21st!
awesome thank u!!
Didn’t see anything about exercise or nutrition in there. Shits important
As a [NAME], this very relatable
i will say that i am satisfied with my draw and feel that it is a perfect fit
That's true. It's on you if you want to practice respect and kindness for its own sake.
lol comment of the night. thank you.
i feel more hopeful we re going to at least find out the truth said wendy brown alexa s mother
I suppose I failed to lay the sarcasm on thick enough, should have gone with the full billion dollar contract... Oh well, live and learn! lol
> consider another better job Oh believe me I am doing that. But this will have to do for now!
Ok thanks bro for the opinion. I’m trying to settle a argument.
Welcome back to H town!
Imagine that rattle.. all the way back to Michigan. Enough to drive you mad
What’s funny is these objectively corrupt sacks of shit were bitching about made up Liberal “corruption”.
i am definitely feeling festive and had to paint my nails a little bit christmassy this weekend
Lol! Nope. Any muscle in your body will shrink if yiu dont use it.
Damnit. Have a big trip planned for the first week of February. Can't wait to get to the airport 5 hours early.
i also feel much more triumphant while doing homework reading
That’s why I called them Turd Gen, haha. Getting a High Country/Denali with the 6.2 to replace it.
i had to lose my best friends to be with the one who can make me feel forever contented with life and be eternally happy
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen.
Yeah you're right, I mistyped it. Should have said after 1st and after the 2nd. There's none after the 3rd.
i follow her owners on ig and she actually gets around really really well! its cool to watch really
I really hope we see another fighter like him he was so fun to watch, a fighting machine with that killer instinct
Good on your manager for having your back as well
at least you found it
Thank you so much for sharing this... really opened my mind.
Excellent work thank you for this. This is why I love Reddit.
I also think license should be spelled liscence btw, so don't feel bad
[NAME] thank you. Someone with a rational mind.
Thanks for the response!
I FFed it too and reading that comment, I am sooooooooo glad I did!
lol that’s what I was gonna say.
i feel there is a really sincere pleasure to be found in pleasing others a kind of pleasure that can not be gained from anything else
Omg so glad I’m not alone
i always feel so delighted to know that there are so many other people who are just as inspired and in love with the old fashioned graphics and illustrations as i am
And I thought best girl couldn’t get better. Please tell me there is one of other best girl [NAME] with glasses
I LOVE [NAME]!!! She’s all around a really outstanding and kind human being
Agreed. To add, we also need to see how coaching changes shake out when it's all done.
So glad for him, he's such a good man and deserves everything good
I like your enthusiasm and yes it would be hilarious.
Thank you soooo much 😍
It was very good! Not a musical fan but it was pretty entertaining.
i am feeling very delighted after watching the indian cricket team chasing sri lankas mammoth total of
Isn’t SOHR group of people(organisation)? lol dont tell me its just one guy.
Glad there's someone on here with a little sanity.
I agree, I love acdc, I just don't love the comments on their songs cause so many of them are dumb lmao
Oh my [NAME]. Yesssss.
I was guessing because you can use the HVAC in a Prius without running the engine. They're good vehicles to live in for that reason
I remember seeing the trailer for this. I was lit when I heard [NAME]. Great movie
this is super cute, i love it
Enjoy wes virginnie
i have some feelings i would like to share with you the valued reader
im feeling cool showing skin and feel like a woman should
It’s always about sentience. We already generally restrict abortions about the time fetuses are believed to start feeling pain.
i think writing like this will be more fun and fulfilling and i think that when i do decide to introduce b to my blog it will feel positive and overall more balanced
Ok maybe I misunderstood your argument, so your just sayin that state's still have significant "autonomous" power? Because I agree with that.
i miss the way he made me feel im at a point now where ive accepted that he betrayed me and i can never go back to him
i started feeling better towards the afternoon and now i still intend to finish off some things in my to do list
Are 3.0 still active? I was really hoping they would have gotten signed after their tryout camp a couple years back.
Ah St.Tiernan's up to no good as usual.
SDAs are [RELIGION] tho lol
thank you so much please subscribe
That would be me lol; glad it made you laugh
Thanks for the feedback. Sorry, and welcome.
Yes I'm trips fail like that nothing you can do about it but brush yourself off and try again tomorrow
ive had where i feel good enough to work the whole shift possibly the whole day
I made it! My DH went to bed at 10:00, so I kissed my dog at midnight. Happy New Year!!
i feel reassured that they called said mayor byron brown
i is an extremely positive feeling a divine energy who alone can take our quaking boat to the shore
And it seems, just genuinely nice, hilarious, and passionate about her work. I hope she gets more of an edit from now on!
i find every body beautiful and only want people to feel vital in their bodies
So why wouldn’t the white Sox just offer an extra $20 million
Yep - did so for Jane the Virgin and Lost.
Thank you for your advice! I really do appreciate it and will implement it as the kids get older.
Mozzarella sticks!
Ditto this. Happy hour after work is nice and low-commitment.
Thank you. We’re seven months into reconciliation. We definitely had HB for the first couple weeks as well.
Eventually I would have to land another queen to stop the target from arranging marriages themselves.
The bot did its job. It’s me the awful one
i have immense sympathy with the general point but as a possible proto writer trying to find time to write in the corners of life and with no sign of an agent let alone a publishing contract this feels a little precious
Thanks for clearing that up for me, now I know that I do not need to rush a play-through of the game. :)
You’ve really added to the conversation, thank you. Stop reposting news articles for karma it makes you look fucking pathetic.
day i received my te score and acceptance into my chosen course
i like taking cold showers i get out feeling invigorated and ready to roll
This reply made me giggle. Sorry you got hit by a moron! Hope your car is repairable!
LOL this. I would love to see that.
Give a listen to Gramatik, he is amazing
i feel determined to do well for my mother tongue paper that will be here in odd days time
I schedule reading breaks during the day. It allows me time to relax if I’m feeling overwhelmed, but is still beneficial for the kids.
I have no shame to say I know the dances and most of the live shows. SHE IS MY QUEEN
i don t see december as the month of happiness counting down the days until christmas this doesn t feel like the season to be jolly anymore
Go see a therapist! Your hospital has them. Post traumatic events sometimes need therapy and that’s ok!
A ray of light and a beacon of hope. Absolutely beautiful.
There are too many factors at play to really say that. It's still probably disappointing.
Until he goes back to school on Tuesday and all his friends are SO RELIEVED that he’s back safely.
Thanks. Ive edited to include the Prophet SalAllahualaihi wasallam. i meant 'people' as in the general people in our lives.
> The makeup is very technically sound You have a point. I can hear it from here.
i feel so lucky to have the opportunity to be here
Thanks I needed that.
Got it, looks like they're in my vicinity. Will keep this on hand- much appreciated.
Post this to /r/penmanshipporn I *dare* you. Edit: been done already, I shoulda figured lol
It was white, just had some black beads on the bodice. Thanks, that was really interesting!
Thanks for the reply. You're right though. If you make a scene about it, you might as well be tattling. Go Browns
i feel it is equally important that you know i do have a passionate side that gets lit up every now and then and you are bound to see it
Insensitive tweets don't help, though.
Hahaha, that's true for all their series.
Thanks for clarifying; I've never heard this (it's not a pejorative where I live) so it's good to know.
i pray that i may feel sure that there is nothing that god cannot accomplish in changing my life
He looks especially cute in the glasses.
im a huge fan of both london grammar and disclosure so in my eyes this is just a perfect collaboration and it definitely helps to make me feel creative
Well good luck if you yourself help with that, i'm out of here, i can't be bothered fighting with USSR stans.
The most important part of a sacrifice is the innocence of the victim. (Even we [NAME] belive that). The unborn are the most innocent.
>I’ve been forward in the past and it didn’t work at all lol. You're doing it wrong.
I had no idea but seeing this things make so much more sense...
My 8 year old niece enjoys them. 12 year old nephew thinks they're brilliant though :)
The Citadel has given us much to be thankful for.
Nah man presses, but good ones... the pharma kalmas are long gone bro, here in Australia anyway
I’m actually feeling these commercials. Especially the young dancer dude haha. This is how you advertise to your demographic!
Love this - beautiful penmanship
Right. You can fix ignorant. You can’t fix stupid.
i shall never feel like i am less than a valued human but i will always know that my needs can and will be met by gods people if i get rid of my pride and ask
I have 100% went to Wendy’s more after realizing I’m attracted to their mascot thanks to sassy twitter memes.
Uber is fun and cheap.
That’s kind of what makes the “guest” response funny, how did it get there?
thanks! yours inspired my to post mine lol
im always open to suggestions so please feel free to email me
I'll be there! Should be an interesting foray into STOs, and is a sign of what is to come.
[NAME] I hope this permanent.
Especially funnier whens its commented on a song from like 2004.
I thought sex would be a great stress reliever.
i had seen a solopgangfor to see the love in my woman s eyes feel the touch of a precious barnog know a mother s love
I feel like [NAME] will have a great bounce back game tonight
Yeah thanks.
M/21/straight/6’2 Back on tinder after taking a year off dating to focus on personal stuff. Go ahead and judge! Thank you in
Hahaha, they are so lost
I can see it, the wig/bodysuit is very kalorie but the makeup is still 100% India
ive been has been in the seat beside me in an airplane when i feel smug because they have to stop reading when the announcement goes out and my book is still open
Interesting theory. I like your science. I just like the taste and wear protective clothing in case it falls apart.
no problem!!! :) have a great day, thanks for taking the time to comment
[NAME] WOULD NEVER USE [NAME]! HE'S A GOOD BOY!
I prefer HOWDY MISTER
lmao she WHAT
i felt like i was losing control of my body and it was hard for me to feel calm and positive about that because it wasn t an irrational thought
So excited to see the man again.
Strawberry lemonade by ziip pods is the best I've ever tasted.
I got the feeling too. It's possible, or the ground is just rough.
Hoping Heavy Machinery get the win. Would like to see them as champs.
Probably in the same way I find a little cellulite hot. Anyone up for starting a subreddit with boob veins? Lmao
Good for them
I can never refold the paper properly so kudos just for that!
Stranger things have happened, but still, good luck.
i feel amused when i hear my neighbour use the word muze instead of mujhe and hey kay becomes zay kay
My aunt can also be very intimidating when she needs to be. It's her super power.
Just eat it after. Lol. Im kidding, but it would honestly be the best recycling option. Not that anyone is going to do it.
Lol don’t act like you care if you aren’t willing to back it up. Cheers
I would choose to go in the coolest way possible. Don’t know what that would be but I would want my last moments to be memorable.
i found some four ply tweedy yarn from rowan that i thought would be just the right thing for that flying fans shawl i started but didnt feel was very successful in the yarn that i had a href http
Man [NAME] played really fucking well I hope this game especially after [NAME] last game establishes him as the starter.
i feel like i cause a lot of problems for her and am not exactly sure of her sincere feelings
And why does he shame women for choosing a beautiful person over an ugly guy lol?
i feel like supporting a yorkshire team you never know they could be the surprise packet of the round ha ha ha
Lets just say its probably cheaper to just hope a more positive outlook reflects on your out-look.
I'm glad you liked it :D
They took my favorite hair gel!! The bastards! Good thing I took a picture of it beforehand just in case
Gives me physical pain thanks
There was one I saw hanging out at Wash Park a few years back.
LOL thank you for this, it made me genuinely laugh. They're so weird
i feel pretty in transition
im not necessarily sure what but something in the education system must change or students can feel anxiety and pressure with needing to be flawless with their vast knowledge of the world
i feel thrilled with your presence in your eyes i feel the belief in peace in sincerity
This picture is from before 2010. It was funny at the time.
Aw man this isn't bad, and they're so proud of it. I could imagine them selling a variety of these, people love quirky jewelry.
yeah he was a good defender in Utah
Either of those scenarios make sense. I'm getting antsy I need some positive Steelers news haha.
Not really the point I'm making, but thanks.
i get an upset stomach afterward complete with feeling like i want to throw up and i still have that pleasant memory of the first one i had that did make me throw up
i feel slightly charmed and wishful
I only remember one lady, interesting. Just watched it a year ago lol.
Is that her official name now? [NAME]
i also like to listen to jazz whilst painting it makes me feel more artistic and ambitious actually look to the rainbow
Thanks, obviously I didn't put my best foot forward here, but we are chemistry sets that are designed for certain activities etc.
welcome to the Idiocracy.
I wear pantyliners mostly every day now due to my random spotting, it helps but I feel the odor is seeping through my clothes. Thanks for the suggestion
This is sad but not cringe, I hope he finds someone to play with soon 😪
Yeah mate, was just being sarcastic. [NAME] after January is something else. But still, I'm happy for [NAME].
i feel artistic a href http boredwithquinn
I still rock my Casey Hampton pro bowl jersey!!
Well said man. I hope you’re doing better now. Love the username btw.
i feel virtuous for going to spin class then driving all the way to blackburn in the manual unsupervised and sucessfully handbrake starting
i must have been feeling rich
An hour ago I was not but when I saw this comment I was in the kitchen looking at my phone lol
Seriously. [NAME] is a hero. I heard he was a volunteer firefighter during 9/11.
It's awesome. Sorry, I am a red-blooded male. I see a beautiful woman with a thick 10/10 body and I like it. 😎
That’s a rad gift.... I cried when he came back from cancer. He was my hero
Thanks, now I can get back to the actual content
And please don’t make the mistake of thinking your mustache will disguise them. Trust me it doesn’t.
i feel very triumphant when ive found s
Agreed. How do you feel about the rumors that he doesn't pick any girl as an endgame?
i dont know what next year will hold for me and my free author promotion but for now i feel pretty special to be a part of a writing community where my author friends trust me with some of their most precious possessions
Some folks are just bitter and taking it out on the world right now. Don't give into their idocy, keep up the good spirit!
It’s a joke...
It's funny to consider DMC2 had characterization
Ah thanks 👍🏻
i write him when something big has happened like a fun trip or milestone and other times i just write him to tell him how im feeling about his sweet baby snuggles or growing personality
i refer to it as an addiction because no matter how many pairs i have i never feel satisfied
I hope you're pregnant, I'm not doing this anymore... Gx
Have fun!
How is that sarcasm lol just feels like you’re backpedaling
Well, it did just win a golden globe, so maybe a few more people will see it because of that
That's [NAME] btw in men in Black. He is also the actor who plays [NAME] in Netflix Daredevil. Such an amazing actor.
I love this trend.
now I kinda wish [NAME] wasn't an imaginary cartoon character because this would actually be fun.
i grinned at peter feeling somehow triumphant when it was only partially forced
I cried I was laughing so hard
I had some pretty bad diarrhea right after the game. It's was more enjoyable than that loss.
I'd be ok with it if you get one less card when you mulligan
Agree with you there, no one has a strong enough argument as for why it shouldn't be legalised
Do people really have that big of a problem with border security? Lol fuckin children
i wonder sometimes how it must feel to be rich
Sports obsessions are basically religion to some people. And those same people make fun of the "geeks" at Comic Con... ERROR 404: Logic not found.
im feeling playful and humorous
i am feeling a combination of smug and happy
[NAME] is amazing.
I remember that! She crashed and they asked her to leave lol. That was one of my fav moments.
That's what I say, but the commercial is clearly pandering.
Sounds fancy, is there any in flight entertainment?
This is great!
i am feeling just so relieved right now
Wow! This is an old one! Everyone knows atheists don't have A holiday. They have ALL of them!
i was feeling quite pleased with myself over the fact that i had one coupon to use at the grocery
Lol the lefties are gonna see their arses over this!
Thank you for being proud of me!
i havent been feeling too bouncy lately so ive been quietly keeping my head down til the phase passes hence my almost complete absence from lj
I'd give it a 6.9, based on the fact that he was still caught in the tree
Just be glad you’re not his wife
i dare not say i feel ecstatic now but hey
Bat Out of Hell is awesome start to finish, I'd love to see a musical based on it.
Awesome! I'd love to see some if you ever post pics :)
You did a good choice :) i hope all goes well im proud of you !!!!! :)
Glad to hear it’s open again, great spot. I still class climbing Coonowrin as the stupidest thing I’ve ever done.
Pretty cool.
i feel nevertheless not convinced which g is the be all and end all which sprint is creating it away to be
That, but I also really think that [NAME] is going to be a top QB. Especially, if he progresses during his time as back up.
Thank you very much, I'm glad you found it easy to follow!
I found it really kind.
Safe to say we’re out of adjectives for him now
i feel as though i cant bear the motion of quilting it even though the idea of it delighted me so only a few days ago
i have been sneakily listen to x mas music since the beginning of october but now i feel as if it is a little more socially acceptable to prance around while eartha kitt s version of santa baby blares from my ipod
I hope they remain long time friends and can look back on this as adults and have a nice giggle together
Wow, pretty transphobic to say prostate owners have a penis and non-prostate owners have a vagina. What about the neovagina and front-hole bearers? /s
i feel so jakun that amused me for whole minutes
Of course that's possible but you need to provide some proof.
Go to highschool with the guys I went with. You'll get the hang of it in no time..
Yep - I was meaning for that to be rhetorical. And thanks, I'm looking out for numero uno!!!
Happy new year to you too! :>
It's a miracle! This is how religions start.
How mature of you. Resorting to name-calling is delightfully childish. I expected nothing less.
Welcome to the club, fellow [NAME]!
That game was one of the craziest I’ve ever been to
What's the name of it? I googled Anker and there are several, but I want an included SD lol
There was a huge pervasive fear of nuclear war in the 80s among kids. I remember often waking up screaming from nuclear nightmares.
Best game I've watched from Barcelona since the other 6-1 two years ago!
Ha ha ha. That was a good one
Hahahahah, I will consider
i have been so busy i feel like i have free time at home
He looks like [NAME] soooo... accurate.
i feel determined to give this process a label
I think he meant Centrifugal Bumblepuppy
i were any sort of poet i am convinced i would be sucked in to the romantic literary style and simply write for days about the turning of the leaves the feeling of the cool wind with the warm sun
I think you're right. She has oodles of cash and young grandchildren to enjoy. Going through that hideous gauntlet again probably isn't that appealing.
She’s my favorite too. She is indeed hella cute.
So, I'm wondering if there's something I can use for this project that will help you if it's solid.
I think its hilarious that you can't seem to understand the joke of the headline.
i can only have a rest when i feel that i have fully resolved a problem then i can turn my attention towards something else
The cringe is just beautiful
i would want them to know either i feel it isn t that important to know who had hurt me this much anymore
I’m fully onboard with you there, I was more commenting that to get the liberals in this sub thinking, since ACAB gets downvoted into oblivion
Thanks for the post [NAME] hang in there bb.
i had grand plans of baking through my two days off but i mostly ended up just curled up on the couch pouting about not feeling well
i feel they will develop a friendly connection as time progresses
Thanks for the help but just went for the delete all option somehow still kept my ranks so idk what the fuck that all was evennabout
Yeah, I agree. It left a bad taste in my mouth that they weren't even gonna mention it, so at least it's something.
im a bit afraid the cookie is what is making me feel not so fantastic
i just didnt feel inspired
i i feel for you rel nofollow add to delicious a href http www
i admit to feeling the pace in the heat and was glad blind to the beautiful was next up so i could catch my breath
yes, also most donut shops like those are cambodian just fyi.
She got exactly what she wanted.
i feel peaceful centered and an endless supply of energy each day to accomplish what is most important
i have been writing and playing too which feels quite wonderful
Hope you feel the same way when his rookie deal is up
Nice strawman. I can see now that you're not compensating for anything, lol.
Thank you! I had no idea Reddit had profile pictures and I've been using for a couple of years.
in the words of [NAME]: As big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it. Had to give you a career to destroy it
So good to see [NAME] back, looks like he hasn't lost a step.
i find myself to pick a draw i somehow have the feeling that heung min son has something special in store for us
My life is complete
i hope that those of you who actauly found this and read it feel possibly inspired to go out and buy some of these items or even go through storage and see what clothes of yours your mom saved and that you still have a hope of fitting in and mix up your wardrobe for this summer and have a little fun
Don't give yourself so freely to people who don't value you.
Scenes like these are what make me wish I could forget the entire show at will. So I can watch and enjoy them all over again.
if he is strong, he won't need to quit job
i code existed for the sole purpose of making stupid people feel smart
Just some statistics I saw bud. Calm down.
i do not feel like a child and yet i could see myself giving into that carefree way of lestat
i am looking forward to it unless i feel out of place though i have been assured i will fit in
Yeah he is crazy early game, but as soon as you get a few items on an ap character, you just kill him before he combos lol
Wow that was really bad. But thanks for trying?
i feel this is a useful tool in a couples quest to start a family
I was talking about have a more positive outlook on life if it's meaningless anyways.
Freakin cheers man, that looks delicious right now!
Anything to do with Iceland and Scandinavia has to be rad!
A true internet classic.
They are looking pretty stacked this year
You’re so close:) hope you can get one
[NAME] is insane! Better knuckle skills than any rider ever. I sure hope he has a speedy recovery from his crushed kneecap!
Lol same.
That was informative. Thank you.
Thank you. ❤️
She knew the magic words. Luckily it doesn't seem like anyone else was harmed.
We seriously need to use all legal and ethical means to avoid losing our nation to the fascist oligarchy. We need desperately to cut out this deep cancer.
I’m so happy for you! Keep doing the damn thing! :):)
I love Fate too. I hope you have a great life and that everything goes the way you want it to.
Hey, it's good of you to do this, she may be sad but in the end it will be better for her. Proud of you!
im not feeling outgoing and am in no mood to put the game face on and smooch
It will work this time!
I work closely with GoA (but not for them) and I agree. They made a lot of great policy and program decisions.
Ahhh yes the, their all Russian controlled bots play, a classic in the last few years
She truly looks like a puma, beautiful!!
Ah ok, good to know thank you much!
I was almost certain it was gonna be [NAME]
Thanks for your concern. I'd rather get ahead than deal with trying to do this at the last minute because the teacher offers me 0 recourse.
I think sweaty is hilarious in the context of r/forwardsfromgrandma which is where I see it 90% of the time
i have lost kg and feeling fab
It’s such a good show tho
I’m not attractive but thank you.
Thank you & my heartfelt condolences. Snap in to a watermelon and drink to forget.
Very Cool.
i wish i can wake up and find peace see little kids flying their kites catch hope and not only feel it but taste how delicious a four letter word can give me the shelter i need
What a game... completely down and out at half time and then... [NAME] and total annhilation of the scousers
Thank you ! I thought it was funny guess no one else noticed it or thought it was funny:/
i worried over the feeling of supposed to being at church but rich and dr
i could feel it so lively compared to the noisy and though dead atmosphere of the life down the hill
They’re pretty great for a budget airline.
Looks good!
Oh, the boat was already on its way out lol
"bussy full of beans" is an earth-shattering phrase
Haha fucking gottem
I'll take that on board! I'm a mostly patient person. At least I hope so, lol. Thanks for the advice (:
My man.
The BrokenMachine has one of these videos but I'm definitely going to watch yours. Thank you for taking the time to do this.
i will focus on either an infantry company or if im feeling either brave or stupid enough a motorbike company for the rest of the challenge but ill leave it until the time and see how i feel then
Thanks for your recommendation! My guy loves board games and those sound like they'd scratch our itches.
I wanna tell the antivaxxers how wonderful it is to deal with insulin shots and everything else and tell them to screw off. :3
Oh okay, thank you!!
I think I’m in that Facebook group. This should be fun haha. They’ll prob eat you alive.
Wound a little tight? Everyone respects him. People are just having a bit of fun.
i look forward to continuing this challenge and feel so appreciative for the boost to get my nutrition on a healthy track especially for my pregnancy the most important time in my life to be eating healthy
that's awesome!
This is so sweet 🖤
This is a good change. I've heard too many sad stories on Tinder about this sort of thing, looking for a way out.
Boy I *sure hope* this isn't a weekly thread, how obnoxious, haha
The restaurant business is pretty sleazy. There are a lot of affairs there.
Thanks! Do you think a skeleton fort shouldn’t be too hard for a 3 man crew of average players?
thanks! yeah a bit, wrote for my college paper last semester but thinking about doing more
i feel as though this class will still be useful because in the end when owning a business you have to spread the word of what your business is about and trying to sell or get done
This is a really lovely ends to a crappy means. I’m glad you enjoyed yourself and got something out of it.
Oh jeez, just took back my upvote I gave this photo. Thanks for telling us, that's extremely messed up
Yup. Gotta get back in there 😂 Meant to type “habit”, obvs
I agree but I can’t force him.
i keep going back to people are douche canoes because they need to feel superior they need that ego boost they need someone to look down upon
That's so great! Plus it feels good to know I helped Pfizer make $5B last year on Prevnar 13.
One of the most reasonable comments I've ever read on the site (sad, right?). Salute to you
i feel like the jolly green giant next to her
i think i must have caught a mild version of big as cold as i had the sniffles and was just not feeling inspired
LOL. Glad you noticed.
Happy cake day [NAME]
i can keep another writer from spending four years to get to the point of feeling like they can publish their work and be accepted by readers i will have truly accomplished that goal
Well this hurt tonight but it could have been worse. Plus the bears choked. LOL. Offset the hurt a bit.
I appreciate this reference very much
Congrats on quitting my man. [NAME] speed in your recovery.
i really feel cute when i wear them
i feel that she doesnt think i appreciate what she did for me and i couldnt be more appreciative
Lol ik it's just I wanted people to figure it out and not the bot to ruin it.
i just feel like you got to pay to play sweetheart because i dont know not one person in my life that has been faithful
i stepped outside of the house feeling glad to be home again
105 strikeouts over 81 2/3 innings. that's good lol [NAME]
i like that these type of assumptions because it makes me feels a bit more positive
These are lovely, I have one.
I'm 100% sure you were punched in the face, but this was a good one
Good luck friend.
Sport shooting can be done with air guns. Problem solved.
i am feeling quite pleasant
I very much appreciate it.
> broaden your vocabulary I'll try my best. Thank you for this
no taxes if you follow the strict scheme of a handgift. don't forget the thank you letter after.
Damn. Moving like that in those heels is impressive.
He looks like he is GTFO after that. "The tiger shark is second only to the great white in recorded fatal attacks on humans.[7]"
I’m glad I didn’t try this cleanup method when I had serious depression
ive slowed down i take time to listen to my child and be in the moment and not feel like i need to immediately update my status on fb about the cute thing she did
Good thing he throws like a 6 year old girl, otherwise this could've been serious.
im an organised person so i feel more assured of myself when i pre plan
Sure. The subject of her video was certainly creepy and obnoxious.
i was getting motivated about losing weight and getting healthy and wearing that outfit and feeling fantastic
I completely agree, someone would take a flier on the kid.
Ugh this moment really had me crying lol just hearing him remember all the good I was like WHY
Stick to your arts degree, the men will keep building this province, regardless of having to fix garbage the TFWs built.
This gave me a bit of a wider perspective on playing my guitar, actually. So thank you.
i just giggled like a girl.
I'm not counting on them getting elected. I'm counting on them putting enough pressure on the Conservatives to actually become at least a little conservative.
They should prank their customers by having someone act out being given a colombian neck tie while getting a shave.
Sounds like a fun game. Our home game around here is .05/.10. Its fun but not very exciting.
Thank you! Definitely listening to this one.
hope everything ended up alright, op!
i feel pretty jolly
i feel so honored to have lindo guest starring on this post
Yeah, the big thing I'm glad is he hasn't ballooned up.
I read that whole thing, so damn funny. But seriously, all those guys need to be sterilized.
It's hard to try to evaluate yourself, but I appreciate you trying.
Our team just gave up the moment that happened and all went to top lane to have a b-step party with the other team
what lmao get a grip dude
i was hanging out with zach at one point and there was this girl that i have very strong feelings about and zach said ok i m gonna give you this song
Nyaw :) imagine all the nice things he’ll have to brag about you to his next target.
She doesnt mind! I'm her favorite person!
i feel that this a very clever and humorous idea that is memorable
That’s how I read it in the sentence but my brain reads it as “yeahno”. Lol
So. He is such a premature ejaculator that he goes before someone can take a breath? That's just amazing.
i don t know if they just wanted to lead a race or they were feeling so well so early or what it was
i feel something i will say it rather than hold back in the fear that i might ruin some moment that seems happy to me often a fa ade that is only revealed much later
Very cute!
in away that smarter than the average six year old
i feel like my life is not moving smoothly i immediately look around amp see if i can be at service while focusing on giving and supporting others
If [NAME] had served all fast food buffet to a football team Reddit would be circlejerking "So down to earth and amazing!!1"
i used to feel pretty friendly with started spouting off about how russia is running a muck for no reason that they dont give a shit about their citizens and that they cant be trusted
Korean is not that hard of a language as far as foreign languages go anyway Hahahahahaha, how long have you been studying for?
This is absolutely lerfect, fantastic lunchpine.
i have just good news to share and it feels so amazing just being able to sit here and feel relief and sunshine
i just didnt feel thrilled let alone excited
This makes me feel better about some of my poor decisions.
I can appreciate that but snitches get stitches unfortunately
Oh you'd prefer if I used this pic instead? I understand.
Now were talking. Acknowledge our short comings and bring in a guy that is essentially a solution to most of them. Love it.
Oh yeah! He was great for us. 0.69 ERA in 24 G with 10.7 K/9. I forgot about him.
I for one appreciate having the DD and Cat erotica in the same place.
You clearly know exactly what your talking about with your medical terminology...damn your intelligent. 🖕
He looks proud of his work, leave him be.
i know that the amount of control i feel i need to have over my life is over the top so i continue to work at keeping faith and trusting that life is unfolding as it should
He's a good fit, not a perfect fit. Same goes for [NAME].
i get the feeling he needs to feel accepted and appreciated
i feel lucky that i have an awesome life and family even though i belong to a middle class
I know!! That temp swing is going to be crazy. But thank [NAME]!!
Honestly thought they were the same thing, thanks for the correction and the expansion of my terrible vocabulary.
Most national subreddits are nowhere near *real* people, it's quite interesting to see the disparities.
i feel invigorated by the
Awesome. Glad to hear it
i learned to feel the clay and its limits the artistic expression became more important than the mastery of the material
I'm sure HMB Barbers at Nundah village will look after you
That IS a fun fact
Ha! I can totally see him having these pictures on his dating profile. He’s so cheesy lol.
Glad to see people actively calling out yet another asshole on here pretending to want to help people. Good show!
Ah thanks. Well hopefully he can do better with [NAME].
That kid checking to see if he was still wearing a helmet made me laugh.
The great ancap argument lol
This is awesome! Do you want people to RSVP? Or are you doing this first come, first served?
i look upon one of the main reasons wherefore guys feel that they have to one or the other be rich or have some crazy ableness or be a jerk to breed women is because that is which we see whenever we look forward television or on any other indulgent of media
i need to be for myself and the things i feel it is important for my children to know
Sounds good to me.
Sometimes i think i am cringe, but then i see these people and feel a little better
i feel content i think
Great snap. Try again in a week when the lights are on at the aus open.
Thank you. It's great that I can come here and have lovely people like you help me to not feel so alone.
Good luck dude, it probably won’t be as bad as you think
I mean I’m playing a card game and enjoying the cheap cards
Oh nice, that sounds convenient!
I live in Shanghai and order directly from a plantation in Yunnan espresso roasts for home consumption. Absolutely fantastic.
I’m reading Homegoing by [NAME] and it’s so good! It reminds me of Pachinko, which I also loved.
i know is what you do when someone gets engaged made him feel like they were supporting her marrying someone who doesnt always treat her well
i feel intelligent on the outside in comparison to most people i know though i feel so empty on the inside
i am a runner probably i would really feel far more safe in the title
His videos are great.
I know what you mean. I'm actually looking for a [NAME] irl. That's hard to find...
Woo! New sci fi! Thanks!
Yeah your right thats why I dobt rush things, Ive accepted things take time
It's funny cause you say socialists have an "ignorance of economics" while posting on an anarcho-capitalist sub :) I think you clearly fundamentally misunderstand socialism.
i drove us to the car parts place and terry feels like im safe to drive again so yippee
Stay away from the sub till then ahaha
You started over at 46? Wow. You are badass. You give me hope that if I finally had to, I could do it.
im feeling quite adventurous and tried out those drinks that i just normally read through the pages of pocketbooks
SC6 has a colourful cast and is actually very easy to get into. So yeah man, go for it.
Whoa you are on a big brain level!!
i know now and i knew then that it was a season of learning about trusting god and i do feel more peaceful and calm because of it
It's one of my most hoped-for things. I think you should be able to approach a player and request a duel. It would be sick
Searching is fun, and finding and learning all the spawns is satisfying.
Another reunion pic!!! made me lol
I love [NAME] comedy. I hope she makes another show.
These are great
I got into law school, and now I’m finally tackling my addiction to video games to make sure I graduate :)
Yeah ik that should be unacceptable too lmao
Thanks love <3
As an NHL tv subscriber I prefer that home broadcast, but I see your point. GO KNIGHTS GO from Oklahoma!!!
someone who believes in facts.... thankz, this was also my understanding of how income generation works on youtube
Wow you're so moral you've changed my outlook on remainers
I'm yet to see the 2nd protect the rest of the constitution.
Which is exactly what ASIRT does...
I did the Karl's Corner VIP package and it was great. There was a mini Weezer museum and I met [NAME]! And saw [NAME] from afar.
plz pm the telegram group thanks
i feel thrilled about learning
i feel like i cant do anything productive while hes home
... Still laughed!
i am feeling unduly pleased with myself because i managed to change the battery in my smoke detector
This was beautifully written.
Well done. I like it!!
Oh, I know. I just don’t think that will go over so well. Lol
Lots of them are in really beautiful unique buildings. The one in folkestone in particular is pretty amazing.
Awesome job!!
Thank you so much❤
i feel invigorated and enlivened and a bit more fully completely myself
Thanks for the gold
i feel like its important to vote on all of the local stuff
i feel like no matter what my house will never be acceptable to them
Glad to hear this. Thank you.
i am feeling like i need to add this photo to my if he wasn t rich she wouldn t be with him a title there is no way this man would have this chick if he wasn t rich biggie kevin hart wiz khalifa bu thaim and jay z href http www
That feels nice.
Still don't get my point, but thanks anyway.
i feel very privileged to know each and every one of you
Excellent use of this scene. Your skills and taste border on wizardry.
Congrats on being clean, and having a great team mate!
i smile people smile back and tell me they feel a little cheered up seeing me being jolly in the morning
Unless you're a conservative trying to protect yourself. In that case, good luck.
These folks have surpassed
thanks mate! yes, will buy some protein shakes today.. fucking expensive but better than starving i guess
Said to my very white-looking brunette coworker once: "Are you an oriental?"
And I laughed
i set off home feeling quite smug
I am worried about [NAME]. I really hope that his elbow is alright.
Crayfish. thank you! this cord was from an old beam-type smoke detector.
Was hoping for a per bear on the other side, or maybe a running woodchipper.
Thanks [NAME]
And he be like - great and you? I'm like Great. And the conversation ends lol :-)
Your voice is beautiful, the lyrics are beautiful, you’re beautiful, and I’m crying. AMAZING JOB
wow i watch the video fews time and I'm still amazed
The line the reviews were not positive made me laugh for some reason.
Ya see I’m an engineer that means I solve practical problems.
Thanks, i will try to look into possible causes.
Thank You All for your comments. Thank god I wasn’t alone on feeling this.
i know is my feelings were innocent
Haha ik I SHOULD be. But I still love em both like a red headed step child.
i never knew i could feel so valued valued beyond what i ever thought possible
One of the best and most consistent kickers over the last 5 years vs a guy who had a great season
Cancel as soon as you can it’s far more enjoyable!!!!
I hope it goes just as well. Good luck.
i cant blog if im feeling inspired and once i do blog i lose inspiration
Yeah, that will reduce the number of kids taking pills - make enjoying a drink at a festival even more difficult!
Sure, doesn't change it being overwrought nonsense though.
It was a wild circus for a few years here, lol
4! The sweetest year.
i love shopping on sites where i feel welcomed maybe its the phrases the story the images the extra services
That’s so cool! I can’t wait to see when it’s finished!
i would feel better
They do get an awful lot of upvotes, so they seem to have at least some support from others.
Women should have all the same rights as men. That does not include ending another human’s life.
Your spine is so shiny! Good for you!
As a [NAME] this makes me proud.
Lol same actually
If you think that you're ready for a relationship, go ahead. As long as you're not stepping on anyone.
Good luck! Also, your story cracked me up. I've been going through some interviews myself lately but fortunately they were over the phone 😅
What kind of soup? Hopefully he is okay. =D
i feel been accepted and although sip compliant voip services may be used as part of an institution s telephony infrastructure on the desktop and indeed on mobile phones skype probably is the safe mainstream option
It's normal school except they sexually identify as [RELIGION]
I love this so much, glad [NAME] made it to San Jose after all
Dear [NAME]....
Well, I say good luck to you !
I can actually read it easily now. Good work
[NAME] looks really hot in this pic for some reason
They both do! Like wow!!!
True, so just basically everyone. It needs to be easier to get a gun than it is now anyways
i love the smell it makes me feel invigorated and fresh and happy
i feel just complain that companies are becoming too rich because of the taxes imposed upon them
Did anyone see the ladies sitting behind the Hawks' bench?? WOW, like smoking hot.
Not autism though. What a relief.
i remember the day i was on the phone with my be fri shannon telling her how i cried because i was feeling truly happy again
i have not seen any change in my appearance but i feel more energetic i am sure this is just mental
Thank you! Does anyone actually if you'll be able to buy this (outside of Japan)?
i like you and im feeling generous
Not me, blue text posted it on fb airing out the guy but yeah she really handled it well
Yeah - we never had a fight. I'm glad we managed to end it in good terms. Thanks a lot for the sentiment, mate. Cheers!
i feel that the tazi sofa strives to be elegant yet funky without compromising on individuality
[NAME] consistently being the guy with most energy. We need him on the floor more.
Changed it thanks
The Four Agreements is amazing and life changing. I don't keep that many books in my library, but this one has made the cut.
i hope you get fired or rejected from your job for some stupid arbitrary reasons, maybe then you'll wise the fuck up
Thanks for the hot take, /u/cumosaurusgaysex
i got a bit caught up in the moment and forgot that at the core of the rude comments and silly songs were the real feelings of a beloved and brilliant comic actor and a very sweet and big hearted young woman
happy birthday, have some gold!
Sometimes this is the hardest thing to deal with. I also am still clinging to a crush with a close friend. Just be honest.
im feeling all triumphant you may high five me if you choose mind you ill laugh at you but
Cheers, brother. What are you doing to meet women?
agree, we are living in the feminist era where women want to be equal - so why should they be 'selective' in whats equal or not.
I’m proud of you. First few days are among the toughest.
I think I had that thought years ago, but then I heard they were making a third trailer park boys movie, so I wanted to see that.
I think they were always pretty but less visable pretty because being overweight can alter the face.
I want a DL thats about 800€ for a month is the one who's new here lol.
Shipping container? More like an entire aircraft carrier covered in it.
i still feel happy whenever i think of that
Nah, you did all right.
Nice job on those renders, they look great
i feel badly about something that makes me really happy
It’s the world record egg!
that sounds absolutely adorable!! im glad you had those kittens there as a distraction :)
He's funny for sure... lol!
I am glad the media got everyone all riled up before this information came out.
[NAME] learned to fight smarter, not harder. I love her development so much
ooh a piece of candy
Thanks for the heads up, I'll wait until next week to head down.
Clearly not or you wouldn't have fallen for Leftist propaganda.
162 Again, for the 7th straight year. Like usual lol
Truly a beautiful story, 11/10 :')
You must have a different definition of exciting. Ivan v Alyosha aka atheism vs [RELIGION] is very exciting.
😂😂👸👸👏🙌👏🙌❤❤❤💥💥👑👑💎💎💯💯♀️♀️♀️ Now that's emoji game on point.
That first picture perfectly depicts the epitome of a punchable face.
Her reply is immoral and disgusting but it is also brilliant. She's not trying to convince intelligent people, she's trying to motivate angry jealous people.
Cool story bro!
i came home last night from a charity man auction more on that another time hoo boy feeling pretty smug
Thanks, I hate it.
[NAME] would laugh and hang up if this was the offer
i feel pleased with this design
I will! Thanks!
i feel so honored that students come to my classes
i hi tech color club holiday splendor sally hansen cha ching kiss silver glitter i was feeling a little festive tonight so i decided to
Awesome footage. The one child signing to look into his eyes looks as though he is jaundiced. His eyes are quite green yellow colour.
i wonder if mind readers draw a blank when they get around stupid people and when stupid people leave a room does it feel like somebody smart just walked in
i feel smart intelligent and then i look at somebody with a masters degree and it all crumbles inside
If you have to do side task you consider boring in order to power up and take on the main quest I'd consider that grinding.
Yes you can start working. Just use those bags, but don't bother with the prompt on the dashboard.
i feel extremely honoured and flattered that you are turning to me for advice in this matter and hope that i can help you with your decision
This is wild omg. Also, happy cake day twin!
i feel a surge of adrenaline and excitement as i immediately recognize these two birds to be a gorgeous pair of marbled murrelets
Lol! Great question
i never cease to feel amused when with a single facial expression i have the power of modifying a students behavior
Cheers mate, ill do that!
Best pen in baseball, even though I'd still take [NAME] over [NAME].
This is exactly as I was suspecting. Thank you for the solid advice. I won't go ahead with the sale .
Yes. Exactly. Anything non [NAME] belongs in the trash. Glad you agree.
i feel fucking fantastic and wanted to share the news with you
Wow. You have literally no idea how American politics works. It's almost as if you're either a bot or a troll.
i murakami but the first that i feel captures what makes him so beloved by his fans
Stupid sexy [NAME]
Lol, that’s funny. I’ll have to find our Aggieopoly and see how it compares.
Is that the cobbler in the background of the family portrait? This is great.
Great concept but, there is going to be a Danganrompa 4
i feel carefree and weightless and yet worried and grounded all at the same time
Sounds like my kind of place.
i feel thrilled that i actually got to see this marvelous home
I admitted to myself that I had no other reason to think [NAME] was real. Kind of tough to stay [RELIGION], after that.
Oh you're MGTOW. Lmao.
i am feeling convinced by the argument extended once by bal thackerey of not allowing pakistan to play on indian soil till they show by thought action and creed that they really want friendly relations with india
[NAME] was the best, sweetest, most deep-feeling man to ever be on the show. I will fight anyone who says otherwise.
Totally!! It was such a relief to see that I wasn't the only one (female HL in a DB).
i don t really feel attracted to people who are cool and normal
i can no longer wear my t shirts without feeling like i m supporting a totally different band
I'm pretty sure she wants to be alone with you
i put my leg around yours and wrap my arms under yours for me to feel safe again
ill think i thought it was its just that theres so much mess on a daily basis that its starting to feel less like a bit of charming untidiness and more like an episode of hoarders
Thanks and what even mean "nobs"?
i view much like a little sister has a habit of building me up on the darkest of days and she has done a remarkable job lately even just by asking my advice she makes me feel valued
i now feel i can advise other dads whose children will soon become teenagers it s not cool to pull up to your kid s high school to pick them up in a smelly jalopy with plants coming out the windows
Whatever dude dong worry about it... it’ll get handled
The only objectives elements I read is : industrial farming/industrially farmed. The rest is only self-godism.
I love this. Hopefully it is more successful than [NAME] (RIP).
Outside of Belpedio we really don't have a lot of decent call ups on D. PS It's amazing how much [NAME] has improved this year.
Excellent summary.
I completely agree with mondawggg. Playing the petty way instead of discussing the issue with him directly is so much more productive....wait
Good job!
That's why I'm glad they got [NAME].
The game felt like an awesome sci-fi TV series, with each mission feeling like a great episode. The pacing of this game was damn near perfect.
i feel blessed that they enjoy those activities just like i do
Sounds nicer than Missouri. Or missour-uh as the natives call it.
It's funny how BMI doesn't measure those things. My torque wrench doesn't measure alpha radiation either.
That is so relatable! I used to be amazing at hearing whether a parent was coming upstairs.
It's no coincidence that I became generally happier when I realized that once I covered the necessities more stuff didn't bring more happiness.
Even more of a reason to nurse on your side! :)
Couldn't have said it better. Just did the same over my winter break and really got to know myself a lot better. Cheers to the new year!
Hahahah this is one of the dumbest thing i ever heard. Thank you for sharing and giving me a good laugh
i feel happy i feel elated but i also thank god for bringing me to this stage
>Shes completely self-made too :) Now I'm imagining her as some sort of entity that brings its own existence about
Hmmmmm that is interesting. I wonder why you were told different. I think I'm going to email support and ask.
good point, hadn't thought of that, thanks
Funny that dinner sized is larger than lunch sized wherever you are. Seems like a very specific cultural thing.
[NAME] was such a fun weapon
I made some super dumb decisions as a teen. Thankfully nothing life affecting. Source: was teen
i perceive you feel the dint of pity these are gracious drops
LOL get it guys the joke is necrophilia 😂😂😂😂😂😂👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
Aaaaaand soccer! Hopefully...
It happened and I'm very happy
Beautiful shot. It goes through my back yard every day.
I'm so glad you're annoyed.
I was grouping twitter with it. Tweets were great this year
Yes that's correct, without TWDG no story based game would exist , but i still like LiS
[NAME] on twitter is way different that [NAME] on youtube... anyways i love tsm no matter the tiltles no matter the rosters lets have a good year !
I am so happy that sub exists
Yes, it can be a very stressful read at times.
Ripped but not bulky is anything but unremarkable. So, attractive, talented, and rich. I can't imagine what women see in guys like that.
I don’t understand why you got a couple downvotes. I found your comment quite funny.
[NAME] has become the best houseguest ever in 24 hours. We aren’t worthy
im feeling adventurous and fiesty i stop comparing myself to everyone
ive always been very nervous to do something like that as i feel like i am not really that talented to enter something into an official contest
Sorry but I’m out of the loop on this. What and when is in play? Thanks.
That face too. Everything was perfect.
im feeling generous again here it is in its entirety for free consumption
Happy new years!!
Good luck OP! I'm rooting for you!
YES to all of this!
I am glad I'm not the only person who noticed that bit of WTFuckery. 🤣
Sweetener is full of bops! Wish she would release another single from it.
i can feel them cool but seldom empty pale with
That sounds awesome! Thanks for the reply!
But actually, they are all beta
Oh, thx for clarification!
Happy cake day brother!
You're welcome. Sometimes we just need a gentle reminder that it's okay to take care of ourselves. You got this.
Thanks fam, maybe I'll replay the level
I was a little pissed off until I watched this loop 6 times. Now I'm happy! Weee!
I have a paper yardstick from IKEA in my purse. It has been very helpful for the craziest of reasons.
i feel like the thing that i call an artistic tendency in myself is really just laziness and narcissism justifying and strengthening each other
Fair enough. I would suggest practice but it seems you've got that under wraps. Gd luck out there.
I do that on my boyfriend too haha, super soft and makes me feel safe! Maybe we are all crazy
I agree. More stupid ideas by ''the adults in the room''.
It isn't only a representation of the economy, but how poor most people's financial sense and budgeting skills are.
i still couldnt believe that they are in that much pain to not feel happy when other people are celebrating grandiosely
Why is the dude a douche? He didn't actually do anything, lol his political views are not relevant as he himself actually did nothing wrong.
Thankfully I had supportive and patient friends, lol.
[NAME] have been doing this a while and it rarely works.
thank you for your answer
This is lovely. Didn’t expect the end.
Glad we cleared this up
This just made me feel so much better about myself :)
Funding was never the problem of Mass Effect. EA is. You're confirming their bad business strategy.
The commies will be much less sympathetic if they get the chance.
Lucasfilm never once said he was ancient or all powerful. [NAME] did, but that was an actor trying to build up hype for his character
[NAME]. hopefully that mindset will change (no pun intended)
Hey don't insult troglodytes like that. I'm sure they would have wanted vaccines
Genuinely laughed really hard
So what’s the upside. Toner makes the elastic in your skin tougher? Serum for vitamin C does what? Thanks for sharing.
A hope inspiring article; thanks for posting! Probably best not to read the comments under it though. Neurotypicals are the worst sometimes
i know it is really hard on him to not be here i think he feels like he misses out on a lot with our sweet girl
Yo this is actually awesome storytelling and also if I were you I would have clocked [NAME] into next week. Just sayin.
i feel like a woman should be respected at all times therefore i made the right decision he said
I was just gonna post this haha. My fave my part
i begin to feel complacent with my life here
You seem fun
OH MY GOD! The PTA has disbanded! Ahh! Ahh! AHHHHH •jumps through window•
Full schedules have been The end for us before but This time I have hope
It's a beautiful thing! Good luck!
I wanted [NAME] so bad, but at least we got a cute character (little ticked about the scythe but, I'll still play her)
That's how mafia works
Haha haha! Excellent
As row boats are abandonned all around it could be a very interesting little add . If , few randoms row boats had a old and used one in it
Lets fuckin do this
The great nation of Texas (excluding Austin) will rise up and purge these heretics.
Thank you very much my good sir! If no one else has sent me a picture by then I'll make sure to inform you. Thanks again!
Thank you brother. I saw you once!
I like in Iowa. The weather part is true
This is a symptom of the main reason I don't drink or do drugs. F
I really love playing him and going against him. Legion is overall my favorite killer. I respect everyone hating him although I dont understand why.
I believe in traditional gender use in language.
i read in the book called the mindful woman that every so often throughout your day you should stop and close your eyes and think about anything that you can hear or see or smell or feel its kind of a cool experiment
Thank you. That was driving me crazy. I thought her response would actually be her correcting him.
i feel popular today
It's gonna be the next "live, laugh, love" with everyone running around talking about if things "spark joy"
I was thinking the same and was relieved when I read peed on kitchen floor!
I can finally block Post Mallone and all that repetitive weird rap that ppl play on my Spotify during parties.
Thank you [NAME]. Best of luck. I'll always remember your goal to clinch MLS Cup 2017.
Awesome! I hope it helps you :)
[NAME] and [NAME] were awesome.
LOL, I suppose so. All I'm saying is that... you can have a person and make them appealing too.
I didn't get it the first time, thank you for replying me.
I got to see some fish at a science museum not long ago and it really brightened my day, too.
She’s just not that into you, that’s what I think. You need to find an HL girlfriend and go have fun.
Thanks for the advice, but I think I'll stick around for a bit.
i just got back from our monthly quilt meeting and i am feeling inspired
i feel like when ever i start to feel happy for a consistent amount of time it all has to end
For me it is easier to believe that the Big Bang occurred via a natural process than through an external agent such as some god.
As a man I would be quite pleased to hear this
I discussed this shop with my cop buddy, he also trusts it. Thanks!
i feel a world class player in the benzema mould would be fantastic
Lol oh shit everyone turn around
i love getting out the decorations and feeling festive i am happy to put them away
i feel super lonely when its just me and the dogs but at least we are together and im not tdy all the time anymore
I need a loop of [NAME] falling lol
thank you, i dont get whats so hard to come to such an easy solution honestly
i have ever been and i feel mentally more peaceful calm and balanced
And you get a gold! and you get a gold!! and you get a gold!!!
i listen although i don t feel very brave about it feeling skeptical about its possibilities here
This is why you play runescape as a kid, it teaches how to trust no one that offers free rune plate trimming
Depends on what you want to do, but I'd buy This
It's a lame, timid city on a beautiful harbour.
My drunk gf found each sentence of this joke funnier than the last and is now covered in toothpaste
Still the greatest timeline tho
[NAME] playing great this half
i was feeling ok it would be fun to drive over to dunstable and stand in a field for an hour or so watching people try and drive preposterous motors up grass slopes thats trialling
i started feeling this job was worthwhile
Congratulations! I know it’s a hard thing to quit, I’m proud of you.
oh damn that’s a pretty good idea!! thanks!! :)
Thank you.
im in your arms i feel safe
Nice try russia
Great post - much appreciated. Gave me some good points to ponder.
Such a *great* feeling
i leave them i feel invigorated
Thank you for that ! I’m glad it’s just not me !
Easy answer - nobody knows. And knowing my country we will probably leave it to the last possible moment and then have an “oh shit” moment.
Thanks for recognizing me bud. And yes I will take some crap to go please
black bears will run off if you yell at it. if its a grizzly, you play dead and hope it believes you.
i guess the good news is i feel calm now i think i just needed to get this off my chest
i feel so absolutely stumped on the floor when you dance you re charming and you re gentle specially when you do the continental but this feeling isn t purely mental for heaven rest us i am not asbestos and that s why i won t dance why should i
Damn, but I’d miss my mother. Then again she’d be all happy in her heaven. The rest of us can party.
Ha ha good one
Awesome quote.
Nkd is a very good brand they have amazing flavors
Thank god the league doesn't force teams to trade or transfer it's player.
Geez, we still got about an hour left lol
i want you to feel my awe and astonishment at this amazing thing that is happening
I agree its needs a bit more, due to the 88mm gun, I’ve got the heat T round which really is kinda useless,
Oh shit, that makes a lot of sense, thanks for dumbing it down!
i cleaned i walked to work i feel very eco friendly right now and did manual labor with charts
i totally passed this one up when it first appeared on xbla but it s now on sony s handheld and it feels like a pretty perfect fit
i feel like the audience is smart enough and knows the characters well enough to figure out who were reading
And sing the beat !
One of the podcasts I listen to, pump talks, bought one from [NAME] for a girls birthday and apparently it was very sweet!
i feel glad i can still teach him at home myself
Nailed it!!!
oh ok thanks for explaining
[NAME] killed him and was only in for like 5 minutes...
i was going through my years worth of photos and i feel so pleased that i have come this far
I agree. Could go either way.
i mean every time i have a negative thought or feeling or reaction i am going to consciously replace it with a positive one
happy cake day!
i feel really lucky to be part of what looks like an active and friendly homeschooling group here in dubai
i feel like i am totally trusting someone my soul cannot submit to that and so walls go up and the restlessness never ends
That's the best line in the entire show for me.
I would like that.
Oooooow check it out, HIRED guy. *fist bump*
i felt a very distinct feeling that told me everything would be ok and that all things would ultimately turnout for my good
Yep, still fun to theorise though!
i hope the pair of us harbor no hard feelings and do enjoy casual chats about the ways our lives turn out without needing to press a title into everything
[NAME] bless your soul. Please keep us updated. HORRAY!
Lol this match was like 1/3rd the time of what I expected
Ok I tried to search the sub... is it too late to get a flair? It won’t work for me
If all else was equal it’d be a good idea but I don’t think it’s feasible.
God damn!! Awesome for [NAME]. [NAME] and [NAME] is such a great combo.
Yeah, I do this too. It's almost comforting. I'm glad I'm not the only one.
SUCH A NICE GUY.
i was driving i feel so contented after sadhana so fulfilled
Such a handsome young man. He looks hungry. Are we not feeding him enough? Should I make some sandwiches? We're so proud of him.
thank you so much! :)
i would feel more environmentally friendly if i sold it
That's so cool 😀 thanks!
i feel the most glamorous is when i m feeling the most capable the most confident or the most in tune with my own mind
i really had prepared ourselves for the worst but we both had the innate feeling that everything was fine
Good thing the lions no longer run a true 4-3
Damn that's a good-looking pizza
i feel very privileged but it is also a lot of work
Pdx sliders. I never had stanich’s unfortunately but pdx sliders has some delicious greasy burgers.
Spriefs ( spandex/athletic boxer briefs). Feels like nothing, keeps your junk in place, breathable and is super cool looking.
I love reading these posts and not realizing it's [NAME]
No no no, the ball was tipped. He’s a great kicker
I enjoy the harsh throat hit, reminds me of cigs. Edit: Mango is still my favorite though.
im feeling pretty smart
That is a great idea! I will propose in in my next session.
I am glad I found this subreddit "gatekepping" is a phenomenon vocab btw.
i feel like hes so smart so i can converse many things with him share everything that i wanna share and ask his opinion about whatever
The kidd series is by far my favorite. Much more lighthearted than the prey books.
Jokes on you..he's in cahoots with the guy at Oxford...
Actually mommy needs to grow up and manage her own feelings.
i feel so lucky to live in portland land of delicious food
I totally agree with you. Porn is unnatural and creates honorless cuckolds.
Didnt work for me, but thanks 🙆
I'm sure he immensely appreciates the gesture.
i feel assured saying the world could have one heck of a pacesetter on their hands
i guess sometimes you arent aware of your true feelings until a playful kiss exposes them
Thanks. I appreciate your advice. It is what I was looking for. Thanks again.
Lmao doesn’t even try to refute.
Thank you .. I wish I was religious.. I admire religion... My mind just doesn't want to believe..
i love gives me a great feeling of contented accomplishment
I see, thanks for the clarification.
i breathe and walk i feel less joyful than most other people
Thx! Keep waiting for her to take over and say NERF THIS
As a once very sick kid, I thank all you pediatric RN's out there for what you do and your compassion while doing it.
I love how the dog is just happy the cat is giving him attention.
Ok but who’s gonna take one for the team and make their flair “eats Xanax and moves on”
i feel so honoured and luckily for me i get to post cards
What an interesting thread you referenced in your response!
i feel extremely lucky and blessed to work with such outstanding young ladies
My man!! You go. That's brilliant. Brightened my day.
Ah there it is
This is amazing and terrifiying
Lol. Well, I enjoyed our heart to heart either way
That is the coolest name
Lmao imagine thinking rubbing a smelly oil on your face will make you grieve better
Yep... I'd vote to oust these mavericks as well!
yeah i heard the therm used before but not in the same context as this one.But here it just makes me burst out laughing
Especially since he did well last season outside of Yankee stadium.
I don't blame you. It was a long post. Thanks for your time.
“Still wearing ATM” this bit has me crying! Thanks for the mental image.
i kinda did steal joshua s customer i feel amused
Great bit of info. Thanks for the reply.
i worked today on writing and making sure the rest of the house was as perfect as i could make it to feel our own peaceful sense of order pm linda writing always makes you feel better and accomplished too
6% of [NAME] is [NAME] so it wouldn't be a shock if he was of this community.
dont care what you call it, just glad he's getting the job done. its what elections are about.
i keep running up the hill and fitness wise feel fine but along with my foot my calves are starting to now hurt also as they begin to tire
Python2 end of life will be nice, though.
I don't know you, but I am so proud of you. Hugs.
Ah okay, I see! Thanks for the clarification.
i got my eyebrows waxed the other day and i feel glamorous
i was starting to feel the kick of the alcohol and jerald was slightly amused and said he would probably see me down half an hour later
That's a good idea! Unfortunately don't have a vehicle big enough, so I'll have to hire someone with a truck.
i started feeling festive a little early this year
i am feeling is also a blossoming eager anxiety
I’d love to get my hands on a 4th gen z28
Haha, only one species. More the Cockatoos
I know how it feels being in the hospital alone, I hope you get well soon
Have to love Billy's commitment. Absolutely hilarious.
i feel this strong urge to stop the work trip
Lmao, I really messed this up. Loved your replies in the og thread, mate, keep up the good work :).
LOL I read that and slavated. I wish we could pull that sweet of a deal off.
i wonder if feeling complacent is a result of my laziness
THIS. Thank you for this.
Optimism and emotions got us into this mess in the first place ffs. At least clarify why you are optimistic.
i feel like that leaves me as the artistic equivalent of the crack between couch cushions
“I don’t care if you are 11 or 12 years old.” Lol what?
i feel that it is important to write about what happened to heal and i am sure there are many out there who need to see how someone deals with it all to find the strength to heal as well
Enjoy a weekend of eating ice cream 100% guilt free. (That's standard practice for wisdom teeth still, right?)
i feel that president obama is really trying to make america suck less but i really dont know enough about politics and government to say he is actually doing things thatll be productive
I agree with this post times a billion and also: Save [NAME]! Love the name. Huge Fight Club fan.
“Thrive has changed not just your life but mine as well.” 🙄 yeah, definitely a child’s sentence structure
Yeah, I’m going to do my best to avoid a fight. She’d probably kill me.
i feel like i smell this scent all over taiwan quite frequently in cute coffee shop bathrooms
Thank you. It feels better knowing that this is not an unheard of thing.
Great way to clarify! That's the whole point of talking about nebulous stuff like this.
I got cousins who were missionaries to Venezuela in the [NAME] years. They have not been shy about their opinions on this matter. They support the rebels.
I agree with everything you said. I still fell sad for her but this is the consequences of her own choices
not at all lol. me and my friends are makeout sluts though
is name in the opening passages saying it may strike the reader as rather singular and far fetched but he may feel assured that it was by no means far fetched and that the circumstances were such that it would have been impossible to give him any other name
haha ye ik i was smoking weed for a while before a had to stop. thanks one love
I'm so happy you said this. I just accepted that I was going crazy.
Inkling main: I like being cheap. It makes me happy.
i keep the four visual design principles contrast repetition alignment and proximity in mind i feel i will be successful in future design projects
effective java! It's a classic.
Great documentary on that: Grandmas Boy.
Same here. But I thought "[NAME]" is a fitting name.
Man hope he recovers fast. Looked really painful
i feel strangely calm for having everything literally on the line with this vote
i love but these are just a few that i ve been thinking of lately feel free to comment tell me i am an idiot or whatever
That's just the adrenaline. It'll set in soon, haha
Finally I feel like it’s been ages. Dude needs to really beef up this offseason don’t focus on anything else.
They’re more and more surprised every week when this is reposted.
He looks like he smells of cheese
It's fucking incredible how many people would like you if you would just make eye contact and smile at them. Fucking incredible
That's hilarious.
😂 thanks. I like yours!! Makes me think of yoga retreats but like in the best way possible
That explains it, I rarely report people anymore This Khajit informs the other Khajit that it is welcome
At least was fun i guess Thx [NAME], thx [NAME]
Ah cool. I thanks for clarifying.
What a legend. True spidey meme master
i feel it pinging my brain and its not pleasant
i feel like my good friend narcissism might have something to do with that well that and a spoonful of boredom
Thank you for your thoughtful, insight-filled post, which makes so many valid points.
Thanks for the recommendation! This goes straight to the top of my audible queue.
Having read the entire article, and some of the other FAQ, the only thing this is telling is that [NAME] read the same book very differently.
That sounds simple and good
You win the Internet today. Fuck all the other winners. You’re the real one.
Happy New year! 🤗
That's what I said! Except the bad person part but ya know what I mean.
i write these words i feel sweet baby kicks from within and my memory is refreshed i would do anything for this boy
i enjoy exercising feeling and looking fantastic amd love having so much more energy
I wouldn't have thought if you hadn't mentioned Harry Potter. I appreciate the reminder. Teamwork!
i really love it when i walk into a home and just feel really welcomed
I told you you’re right it’s silly anyone would care about foreign intelligence attempting to influence elections. What a silly joke.
That's awesome!! Look forward to watching this kids progress in year 2
I like your enthusiasm and hope for the same outcome, but as the old saying goes- don't count your eggs before they hatch.
i have no control over what comes out of the sky but with a busy christmas period and games in january all again weather permitting i feel alex will be a very useful addition to our squad
"[NAME] remains being [NAME]" is absolutely perfect.
I’m glad I had a few margaritas before I read this
that is a rather attractive cartoon man
You are a god among nurses.
He literally looks like a potato
i gave them a little something out of my paypal stash and if anyone out there feels as strongly about supporting linux as i this is a cheap and easy
Your welcome. Feel free to share it to those who also need it. 👍
i miss our talks our cuddling our kissing and the feelings that you can only share with your beloved
Now maybe :)
I have to watch it. Sounds pretty cool hahaha
[NAME] queen will live until he is 86 years old. Thts what reverse flash said so its the damn truth
...if there is a way to edit this to "original content" I'd love some coaching on that. Thanks folks!
"We should be happy that we moved from 4th to 5th"
Some could shake out and slide down your pants leg, good call.
What I'm suggesting is that since companies are "people" in the terms of citizens united, something like this could have some interesting unintended consequences.
I think we still have a decent shot at the playoffs because the hornets are also really bad but I would rather miss it and tank tbh
i always know when i am feeling artistic when i write my name while i am in an artistic mood the i in manitz i draw a circle not a dot the bigger the dot the more artistic i am feeling and if it is just a line like an accent mark in spanish im pissed
Half right I am 15 but I’m not a goth and just enjoy the taste of human mostly blood but flesh is almost as good
I completely agree, and I love Space Jame. But Back in Action was just amazing and incredibly satirical and witty.
That's different lol.. And any positive, faint or not, is a positive!
i feel that there is something valuable about herzog s study particularly as it relates to the idea of art and media influencing society and culture
Hopefully this loss rejuvenated him. Im a conor fan, and even though I like khabib as well I admire some of his older philosophies
thank you!
This question is kind of funny because it’s one of the main points of argument between the sides...
She has an amazing voice
Thanks? Lol. Pairing [NAME] or [NAME] with [NAME], defensively, though? Yikes, to say the least.
I imagined this whole scene in my head with you played by a young [NAME]. Brilliant.
i’m happy you were able to have a child! that’s my biggest concern.
i feel for the natives who welcomed me and others with open arms and hearts back then and wonder how they cope
i started trying without success to have a baby a few years back one of my pregnant acquaintances said to me my husband and i feel so relieved that we did not have to go through what you are going through we just got pregnant right away
Because nothing he says was remotely sexist? Sure it could have escalated but what he said was pretty tame.
Make sure you get that on video for the lawsuit. Hope she’s ok...
i generally only use the practice shoes for party when i m feeling more casual about it i
i should feel like successful independent woman a la destinys child no
All good... I work alone. Thanks for the info!
i think whenever we moved to a new place i had to find some way to feel accepted
i feel the frames could give the works an elegant appearanc ewhich i am more interested in after movign on from the images created in my final drawing assessment
i feel like im still just caught in the rat race living a morally acceptable life without actually doing anything to serve you or live from a fire consuming heart
Actually i barely remember any threads about him getting to rank 1 in recent years. Most of them were about his insane winrates against gold-plat players.
Just wanna say I love you and hope the flight and everything thing else goes well👌👌.
im coming to have a full ransom as good as im feeling graceful good as it stands
Thanks for all the replies! Not much of a public speaker, but can manage...hopefully lol
With 8 million we could buy eight 1 million Brazilian/Argentinian players and hope 1 or 2 of them are good.
Photo critique? It's quite blurry. But the colours is great, as is the angle.
You’re an amazingly helpful man. All the rumours about you are false.
i nodded proud of my decision to procure a pump feeling slightly smug
*Super Dark Times* was awesome. Those kids were great actors. They really tuned in on the bleakness of the situation.
Well yeah! Doesn't everyone? I'm in the one about ED. I guess I'm a natural deflator. 🤷
Destroyed property is the same as lynching someone for their race.
[NAME] is a fine woman leave her out of this.
I was rooting for the saints. There’s no way in hell the rams will beat the patriots
I guess they still have hopes to keep AD...
This truly is the best a man can get.
i feel divine forgiveness of all human frailties
Now this I like.
My favorite!
im not sure if the energy in trying to sew up the race to dubai and competing in the fedex cup has taken more out of me than maybe i thought because while i am feeling ok physically mentally i feel really tired he said
Mountain West/Southwest so far, but it would be awesome if he did a film set in the Idaho/Oregon mountain wilderness.
Fish tanks and fiddlesticks, that was intense!
> Just because you're white doesn't mean you should try to speak for white people. That's the joke™
For a sub about motivation y'all are a bitter bunch haha
i was feeling playful
This is great advice. The minions here will automatically down vote due to username.
i feel so contented just by relieving the scene in my mind
Forgive me for being so forward but you’re hot af
Haha look at that poor person slime, can’t even afford the wire hahaha
She's doing so good!!! I'm rooting for her hardcore!! I like her.
im so afraid that i will fuck it up like i did with phil but im at the perfect time in my life and this feels so much more flawless
This. Fans complain that she's boring but I'm actually glad she's careful about what she allows to be filmed.
Thank you. I appreciate your kind offer.
i am definitely feeling the festive vibe and i have been busy with christmas y things mince pies are very much a british xmas goodie that i had never heard of before i met my husband well maybe in a song but other than that
The weapon wasn’t made until 1918-1919 so hopefully this will never be real
Congrats mate.
Lol posting It on my story? Ya I was expecting alot of hate from my post XD my friends know me tho lol
i totally and completely feel free doing that is amongst like minded souls
Welcome to eb games
If that’s true, and I’m inclined to agree, term limits are a bandaid on an open chest wound.
Thank [NAME] I don't have any friends
> my cat needs new braces, Thank you. This made me laugh.
Good! We need him to serve bops so pop can win some more
Thank you for responding with truth to a top comment that is intentionally very misleading
i feel it is so important to support them with that extra money so they are able to go to a pub for a drink or anywhere else they wish to
Yeah, I see you’re point. Thank you
Lol stfu really
I like the "filler" episodes, believe it or not. I actually get bored by the battles
Well I did have one balanced meal...before a few alcoholic beverages.
Generally, yes. That doesn’t make being attractive necessary criteria for being successful and it doesn’t detract from any of your positive qualities
Happy for him, great game.
I live for this comment 🙌🏻 i just thought it was me getting older and losing touch with whats “trendy” but am glad its equally hated
i love doing kim kardashion make up tutorials i always feel so glamorous with all that make up on
You didn't disappoint. I'm proud of you.
Glad she was a good sport about it.
Thanks. I think she isn't; but I hope she will be happy one day too.
lol, I thought he might have been heading towards that direction with that too.
i feel my inner happy present once again
Good for them. I still don't believe a single word of it.
Oh it is going to be glorious.
Haha. Hope you get it sorted out. What a pain.
[NAME] Housekeeper is really funny lol
This is true — it only really is annoying for 69ing I guess. Too much going on ahahaha
Yeah usually I’m defensive around people I don’t know casually walking around with things that could be powerful weapons.
I hope you can be saved one day. Bless you.
Sorry! Yes you are right about the exact name. My brain confused it with the similarity titled cat toy :-p
This sounds very familiar...
Ask him for as much help as you need though. Or anyone. You might be surprised as to how willing people are to lend help.
i feel the jersey could be a bit more adventurous but i wont let that take anything away from this jersey
Yeah, I think we're on the same page. Maybe a different sentence, but the same page.
This was beautiful!
Women aren't smart enough to see an intellectual kino du art like [NAME] multiple times
I swear if it's the Cowboys and the Patriots in the Super Bowl I'm going to burn something down.
Lol oops what season are you in so I will know what not to spoil 🤪
Thanks for the sauce boss
im feeling so excited and eager
Absolutely gorgeous pass by [NAME]
I think you mean what a factual statement.
i feel i am so strong enough to take this pain thinking how you did me wrong
Nah I’m good. I like my parents and their food.
happy cake day!
Thank you for commenting exactly what I was going to comment and saving me the trouble!
i have to go straight out after work and need to feel instantly glamorous i will usually wear a pair of our nw skinnies with a pair of high high shoes
12 players had points! Everyone except [NAME] had a shot on goal!
Yeah, that was terrible. [NAME] laughing and joking at the end of that game ended his career here.
I watched that one, her butt is real lol
I love adamtots. He's a great comic creator
Said there must be something in the water when talking about the oilers issues
Videos. It’s basically a gif with sound. Pretty cool to see them in action
Luckily I never got sucked into Overwatch, because I know if I had I would definitely have an unhealthy amount of playtime racked up.
Yayyy!!! Go little green bean go!!! Good job trainer!!
I'm so sorry you're experiencing this. I hope the therapy brings you back your husband.
[NAME] YES!!!
i am wondering if i am feeling brave enough to make them for gifts
I’m dying from your comment. I actually literally laughed out loud from it.
Agreed! Hopefully! :-)
Oh interesting. I must have got in a while ago.
I am so glad that your grandfather learned better and was able to share his story of growth. That takes humility in learning a better way.
Nice win! Good luck on your future tournaments!
My new favorite phrase.
I’d be proud AF if my kid suffered from Cerebral Palsy and was able to do the paralympics dash. Thank you for answering.
Nice try, officer.
The paratrooper theme fits very well with his jump! Keep up the good work.
Willpower. I have a lot of little compulsions I give into. Time to gain control over my day to day.
i am feeling more pleased over this light fixture thing than i was
i decided for the first time in about months to try not wearing my ugly pink and black running shoes and at least feel a little bit cute going out
Seems full of himself, but he also seems like an ok dude.
i cant quite believe it but i feel more lively and awake ths morning than i have in ages
Let’s beat these Lakers!
And when it's time to get him into violent videogames, just get him Viscera Cleanup Detail
I will pay to watch a garbage commercial if [NAME] in it, I don’t even care. He’s way too fine.
sweet home alabama
Change politicians' healthcare to that of the average citizen, and this could all be sorted out much faster.
Yeah it seems more like a joke than someone Bible thumping
Just look at Speedwagon. That man is... a beauty to say the least.
"Time heals all wounds. Give time time." Best of luck to you.
i started sewing more garments i feel like so many popular clothing brands are so cheaply made
> no one wants to smell like a goat. HA! That's amazing. I love it.
Hey man skol vikings. Support however you’d like, just as long as you support
I really like [NAME] videos
Yeah it seems like that lol I just wish they are playing a more or less team game and help you out.
i feel that one has to be passionate but not tensed
>It's always possible they will bring back an older villain that is behind [NAME] Ah yes. I can't wait for the [NAME] 3.0/Snoke 2.0
The wonderful thing about ttigers, is ttigers are wonderful things!
That's what I would recommend too. Go for righteous deflection and second wind as your t2 and t3 for additional anti-gank potential
Have an interview in 11 hours and it's after 2 AM bet LETS GOOOOO
Same. Even though he’s dad-dicked us 3 years in a row I will always cheer for [NAME].
So cute!
i feel about femme fatale except its not cute anymore now that its pretty obvious that britneys not in control of her life that shes so burnt out and yet i get the impression shes almost forced into this career to the point that she just cant or wont deliver anymore
So lifelike!
Damn right.
Oooooooooo that’s a sweet format, love it. Thanks!
Ah yes. Recursion. The backbone of Marxist theory. Glad you brought it up, chap
i feel more relaxed now that i will get good care and that i need to accept advice given to me unless i feel very strongly otherwise
Don't, it's shit compared to the original. It's rather WATERed down :P Jokes aside it isn't as good.
i feel cute i feel good
Love it! It’s somewhat realistic. Maybe not that THAT degree, but I enjoyed it.
So much for the offensive burst in the first half. Lol.
Amazing notes. Posts like this is what make us feel that we are not alone in our struggles.
I lived across the street from it as a child. Used to swim in it as a kid...Ignorance is bliss.
I do enjoy my lawn. 😁
Sorry but why does it matter that you're "from /r/All"?
Oh wow I didn’t realize that
Oh my bad, i didn't know, thanks for telling me!
i was so honoured that this young woman felt comfortable enough to ask me i had kind of a faux hawk thing going on back then so i must have looked dykey enough for her to feel safe talking to me
You'd better get to work then! See you in 10 years!
i feel cute and sexy all at once and its not so sheer i feel naked
i don t whoop and holler unless there s a special occasion going on but i was feeling suitably jubilant and a tad proud so out came the somewhat constipated yhhhay
i didn t sleep well last night and i woke up feeling to borrow a wonderful phrase from a book i read rough as a badger s arse
How exciting.
i don t feel like i am writing lyrics that are particularly special except that i am just hopeful that someone can connect with and get something out of what i m saying or writing about
i may also voice my feelings on a few things here and there if you dont agree with them cool and please do feel free to let me know
I hope you enjoy it!
The kid seems more mature than his mother
i dont know how and i dont know why but i feel as if everything is going to be ok
i feel contented small old rich tired and happy
Haha, small world, I live/work in the Twin Cities already! 😂
After christmas. January 4th. Lol
I'd love that
Id be glad, I used to take those off when I was a kid. I dont want brightly colored rocks in my brownie
That makes me super hesitant. I wouldn’t be upset if we end up with him but the last thing this team needs is raw players.
ive discontinued this once seemingly integral method of self preservation feeling assured that i am the only theif in philadelphia
DDR is enjoying a bit of a renaissance at the moment, thanks to DDR A. Hopefully this will lead Konami to considering a new home release.
You're right, it's not as bad as the crippling retardation you currently suffer from. I'm sorry dude
All good 👍
i am starting to feel a little more welcomed into the sessions
Love this! I follow interior designers, natgeo, and Better Homes and Gardens lol. It gives me decorating and baking inspo! No guilt or comparing.
Thanks for the insight. I'm not knowledgeable about it, I admit. I am sensitive to many types of plastics, though.
i admit to feeling sympathy with the dignified and the defiant
Some wonderful pictures here, it's always cool to see what things actually looked like rather than just paintings/depictions in movies.
Whoa now, easy there on the logic.
That's pretty good all things considered, if they want to maintain that, they really need to get a patch out ASAP
Thanks. Sounds like a bummer about 3, but maybe I should go back to 1 and check that out again.
Yup. Soft serve turd special
Yes - summer, and I was with my parents who did all the actual work so I just got to relax with the baby!
i got tacos because i wasnt feeling too adventurous
Given the situation I actually think it was the best possible outcome. A great success.
i agree to kill all children
No problem. Glad you were able to take something away from that.
Ah, I love a quality rant, OP. Please keep up the good work! :)
im taking advantage of feeling artistic incase it runs away again bell had her baby the other day yay
Some people just don't understand humor. Imagine living your life like that!
Fair enough. But remember, the sooner you spawn, the sooner you'll have that sweet free labour around the house
Awesome, thank you! :)
im so excited for you to try my mineral makeup starter kit and feel more gorgeous more beautiful and more confident than youve ever felt before that im willing to give you such an incredible deal
Yes, huge problems. Buy it anyway. Such a sexy car with the power and fun to drive factor to match.
I never knew that existed. I'm bloody dying right now 😂
I love the post you just made! Well written and very relatable.
I wanted to romance [NAME] more than I've wanted to romance more than any other character in the series. Such an awesome dude
Thank yoooouuuuu ❤️
i do feel that running is a divine experience and that i can expect to have some type of spiritual encounter
So cool! Me and my sissy got the same but on our arms! On twitter!
i feel more than honoured to be part of this series and join all these wonderful and talented ladies in a celebration of the womanhood
i always had this feeling though that if we did have more surely surely god would give me a break and bless me with a peaceful baby
Hallettsville. Awesome square that gets all lit up at Christmas - great places to eat. The best little town in Texas.
i started to feel a sweet feeling of peace
It's a disturbing read. Have a good time 😂
This is it thank you so much
He's so handsome
This was a year where late breakers broke towards [NAME]. Whereas late breakers broke towards [NAME] in 2016. That explains how she did so well.
I hope this season [NAME] wins everything:
You bottomed out, worked, and wanted more. Feels great, doesn't it?
I like your honesty
Literally shaking, I hope you're getting the support you need with the ptsd this has obviously caused.
We are like the douchebusters!
I hope things get better soon. I'm proud of you for getting help and talking about it and wish you the best
i have tested and tried all of them and that is why i feel confident making bold statements about the effectiveness of the methods i reveal
Hopefully that's patched soon.
Lol I know, right? It's unsettling how bloodthirsty some people are.
im feeling far more mellow than normal
i have of myself right now is that i feel pretty much like myself
To be honest having fast food at the White House would be fun
Probably but if we spread the word, hopefully we will get some people on there
This is amazing dude, literally flawless work
You got it, just keep doing whatever you were doing the past 20-whatever days. Constrict that demon, dude.
I like it! I think the ideas of [NAME] can go a long way. I wish you the best of luck :)
i remember just knowing you were crazy in love with me without a shadow of a doubt and you made me feel gorgeous always
Great to hear something positive for once! Was half expecting a negative rant. Yay for [NAME] and congrats to you.
if he would only have any marketable skills, alas I think he is going to serve hard time
I think he can be much, much better than [NAME]. No doubt. His length, good defense. We are talking about [NAME], right?
thats one proud daddy!
Hmm ok, ya this is pretty aweso...uhhhh nvm.
I literally teared up reading this. That poor, poor guy. He has a great attitude, but that's heartbreaking.
Very good to know! Thanks!
i just ran by feel and i m glad i didn t look because i probably would have freaked out which happened a little later on in the race
Wow!! very funny
i enjoyed the feeling of belonging and the sense that i was recognised and somehow valuable
Lol kill me now
I'm going to blow your fucking mind. I dip my Hawaiian pizza in ranch. Booooooooom.
Yea sounds like a great way to teach your children that stalking and harrassing = love. Husband only hits you bc he loves you!
One can only hope
OMG this is gaming history in the making. Lol I can't w8!
i saw i had a direct message dm on twitter from a former friend jeff who i no longer feel friendly toward
I would watch just to hear [NAME] talk about how great he is at pinball.
i am feeling good and the runs feel normal
Those in a position of authority at a school have to report abuse
it's simple, it's stupid, and I can't stop laughing. 10/10
The complexity of the killie boo boys is fascinating
the future is now old man
She had the glory of being a virgin martyr. Eternal glory is hers.
[NAME]?? C’mon, that’s a pretty good pull.
i want to have a job where i am permanent and where i feel like i am valued
You’re a wonderful person. I wish I could afford to do the same ❤️
i was still feeling optimistic at this point
i feel honoured to become a journalist on his blog dedicated to this amazing song contest which is eurovision
i didn t feel terrific
True. I'm just glad I didn't have to go through my high school years we the her...
i think you said beautiful things to them and i think you meant them you loved being with them i think you made them feel terrific
Thanks I have been, hopefully at an acceptable level to yourself
i feel proud about her
i do like riding on brooms but there is something about just sitting and holding colin and feeling the wind in my hair that is quite pleasant
The BBQ ranch and Greek are my favorites!!
At some point in the season the whole bench is about to do it lol
Man, I would cry tears of joy if my two-year-old cousin could just say my name, let alone say a coherent sentence.
Women are nice. Except when they murder you.
oddly enough, i really like it
i feel like all this allergen free cooking is making me way better prepared for christmas because now i have recipes that will accommodate all my family s restrictions
this season has already become my favorite over '12-'13 (yes I know '08-'09 was better but I enjoyed watching the '13 team more)
Calling a 40k salary a humblebrag is still pretty funny in a self-deprecating way.
i swear he had feelings that teddy i was so convinced of that and i was very very careful to always make him feel special and more loved than any of my other toys and teddies
Awesome! Glad you found it informative! Thanks for watching.
ive had a lot of good days where i feel fabulous and have lots of energy but lately ive also had some bad days where i feel gigantic and slow and clumsy
this reminds me of the time when [NAME] bought Bofo lol
i wont go on into a full in depth review of it just say why i feel its the superior version
i have the feeling in my mind that a person gets when they have resolved something and they can be at ease
dang... that's just crazy.
Ok thanks for your help!
i feel talented i feel amazing
They are always a fun time.
Tbh, that sounds better than lithium
I find this super relateable, I had no idea others felt the same way.
That’s [NAME]. One of the most famous and richest criminal defense attorneys in the world.
I wonder so too hehe :D
That username lmao
It’s a fucking rockstar videogame, not an old west farm and hunting simulator you pleb.
Lmao thanks for the update!
My first thought was how bloody your hands are when your downed, You turned Blood and Gore off. Good man
Thanks, that makes sense.
Oh! Thank you!
i appreciate the consistency of your values.
I am practicing an speech for tonight when he drops by to see my dad. I am every level of nervous.
i needed to know i mattered that my feelings were important and that i mattered enough to be pursued and cherished and protected
i knew that euphoria he was feeling from the aftereffects of an ecstatic act
Then I would greatly appreciate a concise yet informative rebuttal on what I have wrong, Doctor.
i feel that precious girl kick or see her face on the sonogram it makes it all worth while
i suppose thats wonderful because it means that they can learn so much so quickly and also make me feel like an idiot much the way i did to my parents when they couldnt figure out how to leave an outgoing message on the answering machine
lol my mom once told me that alcohol can't be a drug because it's legal
Awesome - welcome aboard and tell your friends!
the ALTERNATE caption! good thinking!
You can't. It's best you go see a professional about that wound of yours.
I would have a similar reaction if she committed neck rope.
i continue to add more so please feel free to explore and let me know what you think
i just want to achieve something to make myself feel worthwhile to dig myself out of this gaping hole of depression and ridiculous anguish i feel every day
i feel so much more comfortable when i know all of the details ahead of time
i feel the less successful pieces were my two front covers as the images i used here were taken from movie stills
Thank you Dad, very cool!
Fair enough. The cake is definitely too much haha
Yeah thankfully I live in mass where it’s legal here too lol
Good riddance. [NAME] needs to focus on a healthier mindset and lifestyle (not extreme veganism) and find some happiness.
I knew there is always an Orochi, even in a [NAME] vs [NAME] duel. Hiding, waiting...
We have that, actually.
enjoy that vodka, [NAME]
i can fail so im feeling pretty relaxed about them
Congrats y'all!!!
stuff is incredible on fried chicken
i just love the feeling of something warmly hugging you and feeling so precious and small precious to someone something
The whole thing is poetry. That finish is magic. Nose to the mit. Love this !
just noticed, lol. damn pervert foreigners.
I'm looking at that scene like a tribute to TWAU2's demise
The "Nice, nice." Is really cringy for some reason.
Me too, I've heard before that I'm too blunt and I feel bad about it at times
i need a little pick me up so sue me if a sparkly lighted tree makes me feel better
Hah, serves him right.
"And, over here Sir we have the automatic folding model. It is quite remarkable."
Wow these are amazing
Thanks dude, palms were very sweaty lol
I love that this Subreddit has so many good food suggestions! I'm kinda new to the area and still getting my bearings.
Anyone can edit those pages, so I wouldn't get too excited by that yet (but I hope it's true).
i think it affects me so much because it results back to one of my biggest flaws which is not feeling enough pretty enough smart enough you name it
i am feeling super lazy no screenshots to guide you today p hence read carefully before you proceed
): hope the goose is okay ):!
Yens are worthless. That's like, wait £10? For pants? Jfc you have a point.
That's cool! That's definitely one way to look at itl
i had no obligations except the thesis which i didnt do i already started missing something that would make free time feel more valuable
So basically the greatest person on earth.
i don t feel special and when i feel alone in this busy ever moving world
Timing, most important part of a joke. The what's
Cant wait to hear a hot take from the second dumbest people who ever loved ([NAME] ots the first if you are asking)
i was feeling fabulous until friday morning when i started to get these awful cramps at work
i am feeling quite smug
im feeling so contented while typing it
He is and will be irrelevant. No worries.
lol @ additionally “learning” physiotherapy as if we DPTs/PTs didnt spend our own 3 years learning.
Vasectomies are fairly common. Especially in older men.
i don t know how i feel about today because part of me is convinced that i am making this so much more difficult than it actually is or as mehow casually remarks in the april infield insider getting out of the box you are in that was never there in the first place
This list is phenomenal and your username is witty! I’m saving this. Thank you for posting it!
i feel while im running im sure i look like im having a stroke or something
Happy one week anniversary
i am feeling very virtuous today
I'm planning to see one, without my parents knowing though :/ I really hope it gets better. I can't seem to take it anymore.
Left beer outside so I could make a cool picture for reddit. Please give karma.
i don t feel comfortable doing it is what i m trying to say
Thank you.. Yeah if she just want to talk she is definitely wasting my time.
Ah, thank you! I’ve only seen them as decoration and on hotel doors. I had forgotten the name, thanks!!
*Rosa..Rosa..Rooosaa, Yeah! Beautiful Rosaa*
I like the way your brain works OP. Always did enjoy bugs bunny humour.
Yes, absolutely. "But woe to the one who betrays me. It would have been better for that man, if he had never been born."
Thank you!
i became more dismayed as i studied what people were wearing and started feeling like though some of the outfits were gorgeous they were bought that way
i mean they were minor pains as there was minuscule growth but you get the feeling tampons and period cramps for the firs times in life was certainly not my dad s idea of a carefree holiday
Does he report it to the police? I didn't see that part. I believe him. Stranger things have happened.
You have the bear mask?? :D it is glorious!
i never thought i could feel thankful for such an awful thing but i am for making me stronger even as my husband gets weaker
Lol would share half of the sofa 10/10 times for either of those sweet doggos!
With the way [NAME] carried himself in Hard Knocks I wouldn’t be surprised if he flew off the handle during his firing.
Lol I’m sorry that has to be terrible if we were up 19 just to get smothered at the end.
I’m happy. Does that mean I can downvote?
You’re gorgeous girl! 🔥😊
i feel delighted be rice er si the young lady understand me
Enjoyed pulling moves, if you can find it. Was a comedy very Belfast centric though.
I think it quite apparent I was being satirical in saying Mississippi.
i finally got tired of feeling like no matter how smart or well educated or determined i was i was never going to get ahead in vancouver
im feeling really thankful for everything ive been blessed with in my life right now i wont be eating any turkey no tofurkey either yes thats a real thing
It's interesting to watch what happens to people when they find out how easy it is to get on TV and get paid.
I hope you both enjoy it!
Of course, life get’s better. Just keep on keeping on and I hope you do change your mind.
wow octane is pure garbage lmao
I used to know a woman who got a lot of freelance work out of okcupid. Never done it myself though.
Exactly! How dare we give those people shade!
Man that movie is such a classic
Good. It's weird that Polish gun culture is nearly non-existent, given their history as a country. Hopefully this is a step toward fixing that.
i feel like i can still hear her cute voice in my ears
You’re a vet; you at least WERE poor lol. I’m a vet too dude I know the struggle.
As a killer main that sounds like bs, and makes me even more likely to treat 3v1 as a fun round
Watch "Garfunkel and Oates - The Loophole" if you haven't already
i hope you get that butterflies feeling again one day because it was really fantastic
Lmao at this point she’ll probably deliver Teddy/Owen’s baby.
i woke up feeling confident and watched the bodypump dvd to gather some coaching tips and compulsory cues
Reminds me of that last scene in Coraline, where she's walking through the woods. Cool photo.
"...one last time for good measure"
I agree, not to say he would be a favourite but [NAME] is very hittable, one good headkick is all it takes
Thanks! I'm going to Middlebury this fall but that's going on my resumé for the rest of my life tbh
My guys about to laser a 5 year old cause he didn’t give that little girl his lunchable
I got the 4K Blu-Ray and the Mrs and I are convinced you see more than butt in that scene.
I assume so, in some form. I also hope they show us more up close of their big city as barely shown in some episode I forget.
almost [NAME] can do it !!
Joseph Vincent is the goat when it comes to highlights, I’m so happy he made a Saquads video
i feel very passionate about my future career choices within the video gaming industry
This may be the first thing I've seen on here that actually made me laugh instead of just an amused nasal exhalation.
I hope we actually dont need to wait like 1 year for this. :(
i feel that casual fridays are essential to companies that can manage to work it in to their mantra
Thank you [NAME] goodnight
Toughest shit I’ve experienced never been in love like this before but a few beverages and some time I’ll be all good, thanks bro!
I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels the same!
New Year, new you. I'm proud of you.
[NAME] i was mostly curious about the background because it's very good.
Idk why, but this is the one I love at restaurants
i really needed to hear today i really struggle feeling valuable just staying home i know it is important and that is why i do it but it was great hearing how much my husband values what i do every day
Just turned on the game. I hope I brought the boys some good luck
His other stuff is considerably more intense. His shows are pretty incredible.
Happy Birthday!
Thank you man whoever you are, this has really helped me. Best of luck to you too
i asked her why she thought of us after having no contact for years she simply said i have been having a feeling to find a little boy for you family and i just know this little guy is perfect for you
i and will be pleasantly surprised and vote heavily for him but i have a feeling a dignified comeback will have to make do for mr johnson this time around
i wake up feeling triumphant
This is a pathetic grasp to hope where there is none, hoping for a top 15 pick isnt going to bring us out of the bottom Look at edmonton
That’s my point.
Yep, it would be super easy. Honestly makes me regret not doing that to the flames sub... /S kind of
The truly great thing about this is how he looks down, disgusted, as if the comment were down there 😂
I feel that way about [NAME] antis saying [NAME] and [NAME] antis saying [NAME]. But I’m also terrible and laugh every time I see it.
That was one of the most entertaining chalenges though. That and [NAME] slamming the table
You sound fun at parties
Happy to help!
[NAME], we have a guy with a bucket on his head and you have pornstars. I’m glad I live on this side of the Atlantic
i am feeling so excited for many of the bloggers i follow who are anxiously bearing through a ww of the first few weeks of pregnancy
Okay idiot, well it seems right wingers can't tell the difference between strawman and reality then. Thanks for confirming it douchebag.
Improved by removing the third panel, improved by removing garfield. What can we remove that doesn't improve garfield?
Ain't that the truth. It has turned into one old big propaganda/commercial machine.
Everyone keeps giving me that advice haha. She's happily married to a really nice dude, and she is basically my sister at this point.
Guys have been asking this throughout history. Trying to get laid without commitment is not okay. Marriage is important and so is the paperwork.
Any [NAME] who are into this, hit me up! Love me some trance & techno. Can't wait for Transmission Sydney in March :)
Thank you [NAME]!! I say we should add [NAME] to the team!
Imma let you finish, but Cutthroat Kitchen is one of the best cooking shows of all time.
I gave the show a chance because I enjoyed Bad Education. AP Bio is pretty bad compared to it. Hopefully season 2 improves.
It's pretty banging too.
im not as low as my much dreaded lowests i have been feeling a zap and strain on fabulous in the last week
I like [NAME] but I'm gonna have to go with [NAME].
i can feel like crap and be safe
Thank you 👏👏 looking like she's going to the gym, yet wearing heels? Looks awful
Previously it wasn't working, now its fine though
[NAME] is a good basketball player
No, this was pretty expected
I hope she makes enough for therapy for her kid.
Maaaan, that woman is crazy! And the straightjacket type!
Take a upvote I'm glad I made your experience great
Thanks, fixed it
Thank you. I really appreciate the help
Haha yeah. But still very nice of Ben I hope that the people who got it will use it 24/7
Welcome home, sister (assuming from your username)! May [NAME] love always burn in your heart!
im not saying they cant accept me the way i am its just they treat me differently i feel accepted and loved
i feel delighted when i make good food
Sounds like you might need some time out in the re-education camp. You are getting frighteningly close to realizing that our system is designed to keep you imprisoned.
I absolutely agree 100%.
i can imagine what my daily life would look like with hardly a material possession to my name and it feels so peaceful but i will probably not be doing away with everything so how do i find the right balance
i am filled with despair when i feel like my quest for beauty isnt respected
Oh, THAT. Yes I agree actually, I found that part rather malicious.
You should see the absurd number of "gays for [NAME]" we have in my country, it's astounding
i feel that it is vital to the conservative movement or anybody to the right of obama for that matter not hard to be to watch carefully
Good, don't want speeders in my neighborhood and keeps taxes lower.
It looks nineteen to me.
Fries with vinegar sound completely awfull
Very good! Now run along little boy. Shew! Fft!
He seems sweet and I think he really loves her.
i feel getting or gifting a life time subscription is vital
LOL watch this with the Raptors' commentary:
It most definitely is! You’ve gotta pick some up!!
[NAME] line of drool made me very happy I waited to watch this til I was eating dinner i love the power hour so much
It's a great article. She nailed it.
I am glad, and enjoy. It has some pretty cool theological discussions.
I like this.
That is awesome to know. I’m moving back to Chicago in August.
Pleased to meet you. Hope you guess my name.
Must've misunderstood something about his injury. Thanks for pointing it out
Thanks, didn't catch that one!
imdoing good and its almost strange to feel carefree
i feel much better and i am back even to university
i m filled with astonishment and feel amused about what this city has witnesed today
I’m a baptist and I laughed at this statement, have a nice day funny boi.
that’s beautiful. are you sure it’s only twelve feet though? it seems much taller
It's never going to end unless you end it .
The guy with the camo comment is correct. r/woosh
Happy birthday and cake day! I hope you find a little bit of joy somewhere in your journey today.
my parents got engaged in the courtyard of [NAME] back in the 70s
Good to know the obsessive thinking is because of them... I’ve felt like it was just me ha. Thank you 🙏
I'm glad I decided to watch this. Intense, entertaining football with an expert demonstration of how-not-to-use-VAR thrown in for free.
You are too nice. That guys angry he loses to wardens all the time.
Because it's the one right that we hope to never need, at least in the sense of revolt or self defense.
Your dog provided you undeniable evidence of type of person that you are, and you should be proud of that.
im loving the green in this picture but have a feeling i may be going with something a little more kid friendly
> busy blasting stuff with plasma Sound like more fun.
Damn, wish I could just pick up a hobby and start training 4 or 5 times a week...
i am so festive this feels so delicious wheeeeee what a great night
Rough comment to read but glad I did. Thanks for the write up.
Here we go, ya'll ready for WW3...this time we're the baddies!
They really need to bring [NAME] son back to do more flashback scenes of young [NAME]. That would be SO GOOD
I'm glad he's still watching
you are a smart dude
Ah good, now I don't have to do it.
And perfectly perfect.
i even feel like im learning something while being entertained theres even a bibliography in the back d anyway im not even done with this first one yet and ive already ordered the other two
i know my children feel valued as equal members of our family
I wish mine believed in it. Haha. He was just bouncing on his bed and laughing, then crying. Maybe he’ll get it eventually.
Ohhhh my gahhhd. One of my all time favorites. Taxi Driver can take a seat. Brink is awesome.
I’m not sure how to feel after reading this... I will say that [NAME] and [NAME] would be an attractive couple.
This is where the fun begins.
Your passion for [NAME] literally put a big smile on my face. Stay wavy!
i can genuinely say from the bottom of my heart that i feel absolutely thankful
Ooooooooh. Yeah I did not get that. Makes sense, thanks
Thanks for pointing out the only error I made. Out of everything there, that is what you chose to take issue with.
I told my mum and an ambulance is coming now. Thanks everyone
Looking for a deserted island and packing up lots of books.
If you did, then it wouldn't be an assumption. I'm entirely unconvinced that you did.
I was hoping this would be a case of r/maliciouscompliance It was close.
i feel totally carefree with them around
Good job that you don't, then.
i continued to gaze her beauty to feel the depth of her eyes her flawless skin got me vibes her beautiful lips held my heartbeats and her elegance was succeeding in taking away my heart
Whhhattttt. That’s crazy!!!
i feel fab if i can get hours sleep in one go but sam doesnt always oblige
i certainly have never felt it was appropriate for any life to have to supplicate their life before or to another life simply because the other life feels they are superior or more equal
Thanks for the response.
i went down superdrug it was usually make up or sometimes bunches of hair bands or if i was feeling brave some of them metal hair clips with the flowers stuck on
i always feel relaxed and happy there
[NAME] damn, that is the kind of biting commentary I enjoy.
im feeling really good and i know im getting stronger but i am also waking up early and working hard almost every morning
I do crazy’ I love to clean man. Just have fun. Or at least try.
He does look much better
i was still feeling ok energy and distance wise etc it was just so slow and this was frustrating me a lot
i need to be more upfront about how i feel about how im being valued at work
hhhh, lol
I’ve thought about journaling. I think I’ll give that a try sometime soon. Thank you for your words my friend
im not emo ing no no no haha i am feeling happy instead for being able to meet up with them
[NAME] is 19 karma away from beating cancer. Please upvote to save this young man's life!!
Phoenix sunrises and sunsets have been nice the past week with all the clouds and rain - beautiful shot!
i feel the language of the warning is pretty benign but i am open to your suggestions on how to improve it
i wound up with something lodged in my oesophagus which didn t feel pleasant to put it lightly
i feel festive
Haha, then i am in... :)
i feel like an elegant lady now
I'd take either without a second thought, in all honesty. Ideally both.
i would feel even more clever had i actually intended to do that
I know many bf who would be excited for that
i have a feeling they were delicious
i want be there when she passed away or when she was not feeling good and same with my brother and other grandparents
wow. I think you've done all you can.
Amazing!! Congrats!
Smart guy.
Any time. Sorry she is putting you through this. I hope you two figure it out soon.
Maybe it should become a rule. Or a rule someone can't post his own website constantly. ;)
i could buy i just want to see if i could recreate a recipe in order to feel superior and pretentious just kidding
His truck was never used by ISIS.
That's an excellent point. Who would be a good '[NAME]' for the Oilers?
I'm elated to hear that 🤗
Woohoo! He is motivated and awesome!
It's called "internalised misogyny" and feminists are aware of it and discussing it. Thanks for your concern though.
glad to hulp
im feeling generous id treat my friends for dinner or have a bbq at home in our little backyard while the weather is still nice and warm
Thank you for highlighting this. No wall. DACA is (almost certainly) fine for another year.
I am like the panda one, thanks! I'm also following [NAME] memes and while it def isnt all recovery stuff it's highly relatable
That’s what makes this scene so timeless. every one of us simultaneously relates to both the nerd and to homer.
This is amazing and exactly how I feel about him. I love [NAME] and [NAME] but this is why Nuge is my favourite NUGE IS HUUUUUUUGE
Thanks man, words give me strength
i don t feel as smart or impressive
i never ever thought about not blogging about books mainly because i think you should blog about something you feel passionate about and for me thats books
I feel like i really want to go learn metal casting from [NAME] now
I'm slightly ashamed to say I thought that was what the title implied too. Glad that's not the case
Good to hear that! I’ve seen many ppl trashing [NAME] customer service so I was kinda worried
Haha that's so true!
I laughed. But I'm really not sure if I should upvote.
im sure there are plenty of lovely parties going on but im not feeling very sociable whats new
My fiancé had it custom made as an early Valentine’s Day gift!
Congrats! You have succeeded in your pathetic life.
[NAME] didn't want to win though. She got what she asked for
i feel like im name dropping but its just that i am so thrilled at how many beautiful and talented people there are in this world and how many of them seemed to have congregated in rhinebeck this weekend
This is the funniest shit I've seen all day.
Hahah, nope! Also from Michigan. Michigan, give me my 40* weather back.
I know, you see somehow the world is changing me and its so wonderful
Thank you. That's encouraging. I hope to find people like that to learn from.
Still love [NAME]. Gave his heart to the Broncos for many years. Hope he can go out and win himself another ring this year.
Lol get those pitchforks ready boys
i am not feeling particularly creative
Looks pretty dope.
i have myself a great tutor to teach me on magic cube and yesterday night i was feeling too thrilled when i finally managed to learn another new pattern to solve for magic cube signing off
i have turned that page i feel like there is no way of getting back my irresponcible years of carefree college
i didn t feel well
i got a feeling however are still popular songs
You're a big man
To clear his name I guess. If he’s actually innocent this will be vindicating
Thanks a lot, [NAME]. Now I've lost my train of thought!
i feel so blessed and beyond thankful for the opportunity to paint for my readers its been the best
ive been feeling particularly thankful for my husband which is a sure sign i have a brain tumor or something terribly amiss with my noodle
i always feel convinced that there is a grimacing flip handled knife or one of those small pearl handled pistols in there
Ah, yeah. That's the trouble with anywhere that isn't London/NYC, especially if you speak English.
Yeah with this and the other thread DoorDash is definitely down. Just go home and don't answer any 650 numbers
Haha. You are crazy. The world, and reddit world is filled with crazies and weirdos. You are a brave, brave soul.
Thanks for the info! Safe scooting.
i have about pairs of heeled shoes that i hardly ever wear i love the look of heels they always make me feel quite elegant but i just cant bear the thought of not being able to really relax when i wear them
I just moved to the big city, you reminded me to check in my local area now, just reported 4! Thanks!
Don't worry, I'm pretty sure you're right and he's wrong
It’s amazing.
i feel sure the majority would go for ios on a galaxy sii or a lumia
She looks really pretty
Or just simply hinting at it. All in fun though
>...fresh fruit and fish. Sounds like paradise!
i feel assured that foods that are grown organic free from pesticides in soil and water that aren t contaminated that s good for us
i feel relaxed at airports are the times the do occasionally occur when i have no luggage especially exceptional luggage
i feel like i need to keep pinching myself to be sure tis is all real
i feel eager and anxious and antsy in regards to it
I am loving this exchange. At first I felt really really insecure that my sister and I are best friends and now I realize this person is ridiculous.
My favourite is when [NAME] was getting ready to be taken out of her house, but she had to have a bowl of Froot Loops first.
Thank you! :)
im feeling mellow this morning after last nights debacle that saw me totally losing it with josh
i landed at the reagan airport feeling pretty good
visit your school's career center and speak to a career counselor. he/she can help you with referrals. good luck!
Hes been amazing, so good I've pondered about playing a 442 with [NAME] and him in the middle
> Consult /r/ssbbw (NSFW) for a better answer. Thanks. But no thanks. I'll take your word for it.
Hey its me [NAME]
haha good one friend real neato joke!!!!
Makes sense, but I imagine if they wanted the land that badly theyd just buy it off him
yeah great idea, get buffed like an animal then shoot bricks in game
Shucks, that's 11am for me. I might drop in one day when I don't have work. Thanks!
I’m fine with that. I’m happy to be banned from subs like that.
Sweet! I'm a Packers fan in Winnipeg. Really hoping to catch a game there next season.
Oh okay. Thanks.
Yes it does count
What a journey.
This is fantastic. Great work! [NAME] looks adorable and the little finger framing action from [NAME] is an excellent touch.
[NAME] thanks dude
Lol what boyfriend
Absolutely true. Sit down to pee at home, the splashback is real. Especially if you're tall.
i should feel thankful or totally pani
Yes, they do. It’s illegal to work for the Federal Government for free. Contractors aren’t Federal Employees.
Simultaneously terrible and awesome facial hair.
I'm glad we picked a coach who's shown he is great at developing our young talent which is the true focus of this season
Stop. The Bulls played great tonight.
Lol didn't some character mention even the league of assassins was afraid of [NAME]?
i can not acquaint the reason just because i feel acceptable if cutting links london jewelry
Did you mean all of Massachusetts or just Boston? Because I'm pretty sure Western Mass drives well.
Right, we don't know for certain. It was just what I've heard. We'll have to wait until we can test it.
"Think of how stupid the average person is, and then realize that half of them are stupider than that." - [NAME]
Our best hope is that [NAME] intends to outlast [NAME] and serve under President [NAME].
Remember how we always joke about being willing to buy GameStop for like $3.50? Looks like the other corporations said the same thing.
I play EVE and I’m a moron. If I can do it, anyone can.
Happy for u!!
> Literally no one cares if you stay or go, Funny you should say that...
Faceee, you see all those models, be it plus sized, underweight or fit, all have one thing in common , good facial features
This is amazing man. Congrats and keep em coming
Isn't it awesome. And then they get praised for their problem solving skills and dedication.
i feel welcomed and loved
He said great investment definitely not lost is this sub going to get back on track. Just because a post is bad doesn't mean they're lost.
username definitely checks out
i sing decently but coming from the kind of family i do i always feel like im less talented so ive never really tried to learn as such
What a king. So sweet
Makes sense, I don’t think I called out to them ever. Thanks.
[NAME] will end up owning all these untouchable records and I hope they don’t get broken for generations
i wish i could say this led to me feeling socially accepted
This is not a why were they filming. The person filming clearly saw it from further away, and then got closer after turning on the camera.
Lived this, it didn’t workout for me. Good luck on that one, I’d never do it again.
Thanks, and play ball!
What a beautiful response!
Lol thanks, yeah you need to "legitimize" the being hacked part and build from there.
so proud of you!
i have chose for myself that makes me feel amazing
i feel it is vital to make the most of that day and live it to our fullest potential
i love the porn industry and i feel satisfied and fulfilled working in it i have to say that it doesn t really bring in the big bucks
i feel very popular and also a little pressure to keep it up which is exactly what i need
Thank you - will await your PM.
Well duh, he’s a scientist. So he’s probably smarter than the average anti vaxxer
Good article there! Thanks for sharing.
Ok thank you!
SATURDAY! SATURDAY! SATURDAY!
i was feeling anything but adventurous and stuck with comfort zone and ordered mcdonalds
i feel giggly
I'm glad none of you are GM
I got $10 on Anzac Day as the guy won money and 2 x $5 tips that’s all.
I didn't know about this, thanks! Just signed up.
I'm sorry to hear that! But thank you for sharing I imagine several years of not seeing someone you care about would be draining!
As much as I like [NAME] and want him to score so many (hes a speedy mofo) I think that this would be a good trade for sure
as someone who doesn't wear a kippa at work out of concern for these things happening....what was being said? And thank you for standing up.
i feel honoured to be asked thanks a href http doodlesandscrapsofme
i did feel clever when i taunted a friend of mine with my knowledge
Congrats and good luck moving forward!
True story? Haha
i feel simultaneously superior and inferior to each other writer and i wish i could take back some off the things i said
ive done all my usual workouts and so i feel confident that i worked hard on that front
That edge just got fire polished.
i feel the love for anyone who is properly appreciative of patrick and
Pretty torn about this post. Glad you made a friend but it sounds like you’re encouraging her habits and it’s not cool.
Agghh this is amazing! Wish I had thought of something like this when I was leaving retail!
My home equity rose 120k in the 3 years since i bought it. Just saying
i feel confident in saying the writers of the film are seemingly going to follow through with the classic comic story arc involving gwen stacey even if it doesnt happen until another sequel but i wont ruin that here
Excellent! I hope that EU countries will issue statements of support themselves too, soon. Prime opportunity to really piss into Russias breakfast for once.
i get the feeling im watching to see charlie be charming and zen rather than because i actually care what hes going through
I like how his actual clone comes running up to him to congratulate him on that recovery
Agreed. The only sensible option is to throw half a fit when people disagree with you!
Wolf spiders are crazy too. Plus they carry all their babies on them!
Look at you, this is excellent. 👏🏻 I really love this.
i just take what i feel like would taste delicious and start off
Im so glad that you have peace today :)
Thank [NAME] , surprising he doesn't want the mets deal
Never seen somebody project so hard in my LIFE Also [NAME] @ them directly quoting lines from the article in the comments Gives me r/iamverysmart vibes
i just have to figure out how to really put it into practice without anybody feeling like their contributions and ideas are not valued on the team
Downtown LA has some great Spanish/Hispanic clubs that play great [NAME] music. You should try La Cita, Las Perlas, or Las Cañas. All great clubs/venues.
You are correct. But sometimes you might have a plan or you have to improvise. I’m glad it worked.
Oooooooo, definitely agree on [NAME].
These things are so cool.
im feeling strong healthy motivated and just overall positive about everything
this is a GANGSTER-ASS revelation!!!!. thanks mr. [NAME]!
i feel especially thankful
If I ever feel like getting shot... I am going to use this line. Thanks!
i feel eager to do
i was wide awake and miserable at am still feeling like crap when i got a very pleasant surprise
I knew nothing about the cult, and it is one of my 2 or 3 favorite Netflix originals.
>Maybe they found the key somewhere else on his property and prefer this location better, who knows. Yeah, that makes sense.
I would assume that it would be sexually frustrating for the woman.
i wonder how is it feel to be really smart
Save a spot for me! I'll bring the rainbow penis shaped bags of penis shaped rainbow glitter!
This is a family friendly sub; please don't say the McC-word.
For most people after 4 to 5 hours it gets up to the full resolution
it’s amazing how he is already just about my favourite skater ever.
Gotcha, thanks. Sounds like it's just my ignorance of the game.
i do very well and feel relieved just talking about clearing the cobwebs of psychopathology how that affects my life now and what i m working on within me to overcome or at least manage it
Also thank you for the link.
So basically Syracuse needs two starters out and a bunch of circus shots to compete lol. Is what it is I guess
i love the snow lol it just makes everything feel so tranquil
I’m really high and laughed too hard at this video, normally I would feel really bad for the old fella.
I have clinical depression so my mind pretty much has this outlook on any slight thing that doesn't go my way in life. Thanks for your comment.
Lightborn, [NAME] Demise, Look at a wall, Bait out the flashlight person, Slug. Wow, so hard.
i feel as if i havent been very productive over the past six months
Thank you, I know my OHIP Is up to date as I have my health card in my wallet and I updated it myself when we moved
Lol thankfully you guys only had a pedophile as 27th and 31st Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Alabama.
Agree with [NAME] and yang I only really liked [NAME] for a little bit she irritated me
thanks for sharing.
i feel hopeful that we are already taking important action to make these necessary and important changes and that we will actually make an effective change and make it soon
i try to remember that quote when i feel i may be hitting a wall in a marathon or even a training run and i know it is time to find that perfect song that fuel
i feel most of the time i think i look pretty cute
Made me laugh, tbh.
Hah haha ha hah ha I am going to use this one now.
i feel proud in my ability to simply comprehend what was painstakingly discovered through rigorous experiments and ingenious theories
thank you for your kind words.
Ahhh a fellow atheist, I used that in the standard social meaning but no intention of meaning "god" would actually bless you lol but thx
Well no matter what her bio says, if you are ugly, you are done for.
i ask that before you dump millions of dollars into your party which you have rightfully earned perhaps consider that as the leader of the free world you should be feeling the crunch as well
Good news. Good for you buddy. Hope all of us get back our money soon :-)
i am wearing heels i feel more self assured
What's it matter where this came from? It fits every content guideline and we're enjoying it.
Exactly, i've never heard of dutch lessons on school anywhere in the world !?
I feel like he would be most people in a flat out race, those prosthetics look beastly (in the good way).
I did. In a selfless sacrifice that I hope brings ample awards.
That actually sounds pretty bloody hilarious. Maybe I'll work that into one of my one-shots.
Hey nice rebuttal. I got some new information out of that, thanks for that. It's all about learning.
Oh whoops haha
This was so good I groaned audibly.
Mate honestly what you had was a serious relationship with her, for all 13 years. I hope you heal up well.
Was a great interview! Loved the segment on them asking about [NAME] and if he actually had to go to class haha.
i used to do this a lot when i was younger lmao glad to see my vision wasnt just mine
.250/.330/.460 imo. And for a team who has had no 1B since Tex, this is more than fine.
i am also posting this because i am trying to work on the writing i want my students to feel passionate about
The internet never disappoints.
This is why bars should have poly nights. It would be nice to be in a room of like minded people, maybe they will talk to me.
Lucky I caught people reacting on twitter. For some reason I thought this game as at 6 PM.
None of the [NAME] said please or thank you to the waitress
HE CAME OUT A WINNER. LOOK AT ALL DAT MONEY FOR DA HOOD. 7-0 WHEN IT COMES TO OP
I, too, have lied about getting hooked up by Hasbro to justify the unhealthy amount of money I have spent on Nerf guns.
[NAME]! Scoring ridiculous goals while missing sitters. Love it :-)
I'm so hyped to see this mitchy and matthews line
It makes me mad when people steal them lol... chances are if you're nice I'll just *give* it to you
Glad this waste of time is over. Lets get back to the business of fixing this team.
noob spam haha
Hahaha where was this when I started out.
I feel like she’d be more than half-way there if she just fixed those eyebrows...
It's been 2 hours since OP posted the comment, hope OP alright
Yeah, I just visited there and it seems more disordered than this sub... Strange
i write which is what i consider my real profession even though by teaching poetry to troubled and poor kids i feel i m doing something useful
Bit of a rant there, but I get it. This comes off as super pretty.
[NAME] made that lmao
Your description fits the type of SB I prefer. I don't see short hair as a negative.
LOL at this question! If he follows the sub...just read the topics for opinions! I call BS!
Ah, I see. Thank you for clarifying!
Have fun.
I'm a university student and even though I have a job, I'm going to find out about this at school. Thanks for the tip!!
A hell of a player when he was at Grimsby. Hope he can pick up some minutes and goals again.
I read this place obsessively and didn't see it, so I'm enjoying it and upvoting it anyway
tyvm for this advice actually, i was totally bamboozled on this topic
*The Daily Wire.* Lol.
i do at times feel complacent with my life as is
[NAME] scoring when he wants. I'm loving his game. Unstoppable.
i still adhere to this to a certain extent i feel that there is a fine line
i have a feeling that there will be plenty of football watching and that we will be indulging in many delicious eats this weekend
Theres a pretty big Irish population in Edinburgh/ Glasgow as well that'll likely end up contributing to the support.
I’m on mobile and I can see them. Omg it makes me so happy 😂 never noticed if before either. iPhone btw
You are correct. I was mistaken. My apologies. I appreciate the correction.
i feel confident that my prayer will be granted
What is it with everybody doing extreme sumo deadlifts right now? Like yeah wow you can lift 2x your bodyweight 2 inches, well done.
That pole and cheap plastic fence surely would offer excellent protection from a car. Walk it off brah.
i feel their pain and its not pleasant
it’s what i would have wanted if i was a parent so yeah i’m glad i did something
> neoprene kayaking gloves Thanks will check them out!!
You are a treasure. Please know how wonderful you are. Big hugs to you.
i recently lost lbs of the i gained over the past year and i feel fab
Thanks for the tip. Just sold 100K
i feel your scent i enjoy the way you drink your coffee so dignified you smirk at the sight of interesting details black ink spilling words on white paper you spell them out with your lips as you scim along i love when you ask me what do you think
As a fellow artists and raised by an N I just want to say congrats.
i feel is superior to mine
I loved [NAME] as a little kid but I wanted jean's powers but I couldn't stand how goodie goodie her and [NAME] were.
Glad to see [NAME] getting a point, he's been overdue. Now for the 3rd period [NAME]?
.5x speed. Every moment I enjoy would last longer and any time I find myself in a pickle, I'll have more time to react appropriately.
i am tired and not feeling well all morning
I hope all of y'all that are commenting isn't all men because not all women do that!
i listen to the cd i am left feeling a little more confident and less stressed
i feel that it is vital that the artist has a passion for what he she does
No tweets from [NAME] since 10:30pm EST... twelve hours ago at the time of this writing. Oh, he must be having a GREAT time.
lol yep that is the case and has same taste in food as well!
Dude has come up big in big situations time after time. To doubt his talent and clutch ness is dumb.
I will read these articles. Thanks for sharing.
Woord stay safe and have fun my friend. That’s a good find haha
i feel very amused at that pic
I think we should, he is one of the best centers in the game
The Donald raiders are the most savage of the bunch, they not only downvote brigade but also annihilate civil debates
It's a cruel, uncaring universe we live in. Fingers crossed things won't completely fall apart for them.
Nah u mad lol
Props to the guy for being honest
I completely agree! It's cold at first but makes you feel so alive and invigorated by it too. It's a total shock to the system.
Glucose guardian!!!! Salmonblue, you are doing amazing sweetie.
Can't blame him. As an [NAME], everything I know about American Football came from Eyeshield 21.
Can confirm, girl asked my out on a second date and my comfort levels and confidence sky rocketed
i was already going to feel giggly about it
i feel more passionate about things too
i want to give the feeling of being valued
The carpool part!! The beauty of kids haha
Im glad to hear it !!!
Thanks for contributing to the advertising
I hope you can get some relief soon, I can’t imagine how awful that must feel
i feel super reassured or that until i move on from this
A shame our driver education programs in the U.S. are pretty much a joke as compared to those in Germany.
Well this has been interesting
Japan uses anime for it all, but it does often prefix it with something like kaigai. (outside of the country).
Oh no! He’s right!
i have this feeling whenever i write a song and if i think that the song has legs enough to be popular or for people to really respond to it i get this feeling
Haha, I feel that
i am only confirming that i feel what acker felt or recognise at least that rich world she describes
That’s what I was thinking as well. I could think of a few ways to go about restoring a painting but not on a wall. Lol
I appreciate this. I don't think I've given up on teaching entirely. I will try to survive!
Yeah, but I just don't want to pay for a full blown wedding, those can get expensive.
This made me smile. I watched it on YouTube.
I might be interested, been playing 5e in a couple campaigns now, happy to talk further!
if you need to ask here with all due respect your the last person that should be on it.
im feeling oddly festive already
Considering it’s a much deserved promotion I can’t be mad in the slightest.
That’s an interesting point, thank you.
Should be coming this year with MW4. It's now or never
Rip ok lol
I would like to send you a card or an email for your next birthday if you would want that :)
i love the feel of his lips on mine how i feel so safe in his arms even though im older i just love how i feel and who i am when i am with him
I wished my mom protected me from my grandma. She was a horrible person who was so mean to me and my mom.
i think feelings are one of nay the most important things we have
Thank you for subscribing to Bull Facts ^^TM !
i feel at this point i ought to just add my sincere apologies to her for taking so long to commit my tag to my blog and hand over the baton to someone else to run with
i still feel like i get walked all over but well i m trying
Hitting me. That just added another funny dynamic to it even though I wasn’t actually trying to hit her.
Hope he enjoys the ticket he is going to get.
i feel much peaceful today
Thank you so much. Happy New Year to you to.
I can't help it! These stories make me REEEEEEEEEEEE so hard!!!! Kidding :)
Well said. Glad to see that there are still open minded people left in this sub.
I hope last night was fun enough to warrant the hassle today.
That makes sense, I’m over explaining and I shouldn’t have to. Thank you!
Great! Can't wait :)
She deserves to know.
hope [NAME] is injured while allstar week yes im a spiteful ngga
Boy, I literally didn't expect anyone to respond to this. Thanks, internet! I feel a tiny bit less alone.
>Playing competitive MTG has brought me as much joy as my children. Yeah this conversation is over
Oh well, very nice then :)
You deserve better. Good things will come. Hang in there.
thanks <3 *hugs*
i feel edmontonians are superior to the residents of any other major city but if you ask me what keeps me living here despite my obvious hatred for the climate of the year then my response is family and friends
Being a broke college student doesn’t help😂 thank you for taking the time to listen though it’s really helpful lol
What a beautiful sight that was to behold. Glad I was able to attend a couple of great [NAME] performances. “K” signs everyone
She was! Her “Breathe” was phenomenal.
That's a cute little theory
That's what I said! I'm like "I wonder how he kept that much of the profits?!"
Thanks! Life often ends up being the most beautiful when you least expect it :)
You're right! I DO remember the refs being trash in that game as well! Thanks for the heads up!
Imagine the jockey explaining that to his boss and then cranking the legs to raise it while everyone looks on :)
[NAME] had a great idea about this problem actually
My god, what is WRONG with people? So glad you’re okay, OP!!
"Seeeee! We have one of them coloureds too!"
Lmfao i don't know why this is so funny
i believe if you have happy and healthy relationships you are likely to feel much more energized and inspired which will be reflected in your overall health and appearance
i will definitely write more about the transition as i go through it but right now i am feeling quite positive
Thank [NAME] this was said, I feel 100% the same way.
ive had two shots of lupron and im feeling fine
It's all good. [NAME] was at my door 5 minutes later, and amazingly, didn't drive away between me seeing him, and walking downstairs.
Seems like it was supposed to be funny.
i am sure that if another group came along that made her feel less like pluto and more like the sun that she would shift her own focus to where her input was valued
i know many young women sometimes feel like their career is much more important than a family but i would like to share with them the fact that they have a biological clock and at a certain time they may wish to have children but can t yet a man can still have children
Don't worry, I'm sure you'll find a way and a time that works for you, you deserve to be yourself!
Ya like I said. Depends on my tup sitch
Happy Birthday!!
I'm sorry to hear that things went down like that. Good luck with everything.
The only clown that make me laugh.
Look everyone it's that boy that laughs at everybody! Let's laugh at him!
Hi, I just fix it, I just had to clear the cookies
i love the most about them is the slight cat eye shape of the lenses they instantly make me feel likeaudrey hepburn in breakfast at tiffanys so glamorous and of course that gorgeous case doesnt hurt either
Lol this was cosmetic. Thankfully both of mine are alive and well.
This is awesome!
It never came into my mind that I'm being edgy, my friend. I'm not worried.
This picture is as old as Tinder. OP is probably a dog for all we know.
I agree. We could even change the colors to black and blue so we are not like soccer
Lmao. Dude, I was thinking the exact same thing.
This is absolutely perfect
i feel like i dont have anything worthwhile to blog about so im continuing to blog about things that i used to when i wasnt married
How many times do you have to watch The Office. lol!
One of my best friends got caught up in Primerica, it was both sad and hilarious
Yeah I mentioned this route and how we won because the other teams kept wasting chances.
i always thought problems were better to deal with immediately then you can feel like things are resolved and you can feel better
i will sit there for a month while rich and carol go home for christmas by the way they did not put any lights on me this year i am not feeling very festive right now
Except [NAME] isn't under our control or capable of having an impact on our team. We traded him. lol
Is it a radical opinion to say no two consenting adults should not be able to kill each other lol
Lol I’m just joking the “we did our due diligence part” is prime lynch talk haha
Could be worse. At least he's not the guy who wrote the Witcher books LOL.
i wear this shirt i feel artistic you are artistic but now i look artistic yes son you do
im feeling playful already
Talked with my parents. It was so relaxing and beautiful <√9 Thank you a lot ❤
UNLIMITED POWER!
Sure, but it's been all over the news recently with the [NAME] doc that just came out. I've seen tons of posts here on reddit.
I mean they're just kids at the end of the day, the people yelling racist things are the "adults"
This is why im happy [NAME] is our owner. I don’t see him being a cheapskate
Have you told this story before? It seems really familiar.
[NAME] is a fantastic player, but would he be a regular starter over at Juve? He needs to stay at Arsenal.
I agree. Verbatim.
i choose someone i feel that it is my obligation to be truthful and completely faithful to that person with utmost loyalty
i feel lucky on my birthday
Unfortunately, on that we can agree.
i feel these phrases or sentences in and of themselves are a wonderful story all on their own
i still have somewhat of a cough but i feel like im ok without the inhaler except right before exercise
Yeah, when I saw she was in LA, I really hope that. Oh please, be true.
DoorDash will refund you if you didn’t receive it. Just contact their support.
I’m sorry there was trouble, but I’m glad it ended as okay as it did.
Yea having children will always solve the problem
Not gonna lie I’m pretty out of it for New Years so I probably knew-jerked more than necessary. Happy New Years my man!
Back in the days when you didn't have to spend almost $10 return for a simple train journey. Thanks, IPART.
i feel convinced plus so many diverse price tags that i feel sure everyone should come up with the funds to have their plot to be lighted up relatively economically
I was hoping this day would
My withdrawal was marked as complete. Likely doesn't matter now though with the servers being completely offline.
Had a great time playing overwatch, but only *some* of us were getting too drunk for everyone's entertainment >.>
i feel like i m getting a milkshake and it has really helped me control my sweet tooth
We made a big raft of inflatables on Little Bay and listened to the Hottest 100. Good times. The water is finally nice and warm.
Ooooh, we got a badass over here!
i now agreed with you i will only let us be the past i am happy that you were once part of my life i do feel honoured
Ugh i wish i had seen this earlier! Have fun at the game!
Thank you! That’s good to hear. I like presenting the place as it is.
You were used as a weapon to inflict pain on your father. Glad you reconnected and found a good parent.
Was hilarious. RIP Roman
I think the one thing we can all agree on is Kill Mikol. This was too difficult to answer in full..
Increase in robberies on pot shops. I really hope not though.
you're a true hero
im half asleep absolutely blissed out feeling as purely ecstatic as i know i will on stage tonight dancing out of the spotlight only to have it follow me like an adoring fan
Even while [NAME] in a America are discriminated against, they still have such warm hearts. [NAME] Bless them (my [NAME], and theirs)
This is the technically correct answer, but it still sucks considering how much of society rides on women managing their menstrual cycles.
I hope he learnt more in his degree than that
Thanks for sharing your story. I hope you are doing okay now.
Nice. Spotted it having a feed of quandong as well by the looks of it.
i just feel more comfortable and i feel like im not in it alone sure he doesnt express his love much but his tiny actions make up for it
What a nice moment. Being in nature is super helpful to me for these moments :)
I hope google does this so that everyone would leave them already.
i feel much more relaxed this year said jane pollicino who came to ground zero tuesday morning to mourn her husband who was killed at the trade center
Thanks for the explanation. This letter sounds kind of cool.
"AaaaaAAAaaaAAAhhh!" I can imagine.
i took a sip tonight and am feeling pleasantly mellow
i learned in the foundry of my own childhood that humor made a perfect shield for keeping people at bay for helping me conceal my true feelings for lending the appearance of truth to all the lies i would tell about how happy i was and for providing me with the wherewithal to get through each day
Oh, awesome!
Oh, sweet. It's the gaming guy who hasn't uploaded any gaming videos yet! /s (I like him and am just poking fun)
i feel im like a bird flying in the air in a very carefree manner
i legitimately feel less intelligent at the end of the day because of how worthless and stupid it all is like how you feel after sitting through a michael bay movie
Thanks, that was a big help. This one had me scratching my head
sending my thoughts and prayers LOL to your family!!! 😂 😂 😂
i was really uncomfortable but i got over that because it did make me feel pretty once i put everything else together
They actively supported it before *mysteriously* going silent about it during and after the 2015 Labour leadership election.
i think they enjoyed the event because it made them feel welcomed
Swordfish is my go to gun. Used my first unlock token it given how much I enjoyed it.
Of course right as I came across this my mom texted me saying "I remember 2018 like it was yesterday"...
Lucky bastard the cool change came 5 minutes into the wedding
i feel my mom s graceful warm loving smile as i rob the time to nurture myself and heal
I’m sorry than happened to you and your family. Really puts things into perspective.. thank you for the reply !!:)
You would LOVE this big mutt. He's a doll.
I appreciate the advice! This is something I’ve been trying to figure out, like I said.
i will continue to struggle with experiencing normal feelings and the sense theyre chipping away at precious time
That's a cool dino
Great post! : )
>It'd be good for Venezuela That's the hallmark of U.S. invasions; invaded countries always do well as a result. /s
Looks like the other driver to the right was predicting that to happen. You can see the brake lights come on the SUV.
i love sliding down on a nice big throbbing cock and feeling what my gorgeous body does to a man
[NAME] sounds happy to be back! So glad we have the full crew today!!
My god. I'd place that upside-down on the table and walk.
Philebus by [NAME]. Quite under-studied imo. It's really insightful and a beautiful read.
i arrived in anchorage it only took a few hours after spending time with my parents eating at a local favorite joint and then going on a stroll in my parent s my childhood neighborhood to be able to take a big sigh and feel relieved
Is this furry_irls equivalent of a tik tok? And I hope more people join in on this I want to see EVERYBODYS sonas and ocs together!
Haha, I love that! :) I'll see if he's interested now
I'm always happy to have you in my box.
Let's hope you've got the self control to not binge :) I know I didn't
This sounds like a great idea!
As a vegan, I can't tell you how happy I am to find any restaurant with vegan options! That man should be showering you with gratitude.
There’s a cat sitting on my lap right now she’s so cute
I've been a huge fan of them since the early days was wondering about this for so long! Glad they explained it/are alright now!
i love the combination of lavender and orange scent but feel free to substitute any other fragrance oil or essential oils that you wish
Congrats on approaching the situation with logic unlike most everyone else
What a tool!
I'm so drunk I cheereds a bot as if it was OP LOL
That’s fair, personally the manufactured electronic beat sounds the best to me
i tell myself i am pretty a hundred times doesn t mean i feel pretty
Oh, I thought it was about the audio glitch at the end, lol Now I see
oh no, I didn’t mean one of my boyfriends haha, I meant one of his things. we’re not in an open relationship
Yeah. "HEY ARE YOU THE DUDE FROM THE SCAM WEBSITE?" [NAME]
i fall asleep these days feeling as if the day has been worthwhile
Yes, some doctors look down on military docs. However, I've never seen military nurses looked down upon. If anything, it gives them a leg up.
No, I think you posted this in the right place. I get annoyed when people say what and what isn't antinatalist on this forum.
Just making a joke from The Office. My bad haha
That's still crazy to me as it's the same price online and in store here. We just have a flat rate.
i am still spinning from all the activities but also feeling invigorated and excited by all the demos talks panel discussions exhibitions conversations the art fair the communal meals the art exchange the books the vendor room
His other book was interesting, The Age of EM
He probably enjoyed it so much with his frat brothers that he's willing to buck his own party for good weed.
i do not write in search of praise or recognition but it is an amazing feeling to be read and admired
This is good advice, and I apologize for freaking out.
Your username sort of checks out? Lol
congrats, [NAME]. you played yourself
Thanks. At first I read it as party
i feel as though sometimes i can be more clever than average
i hope you are all feeling glamorous today
i feel in my belly perfect two you can be the butterflies i a class imagebox href http s
I guess 14 years of customer service experience is good for something after all.
i feel that the names also reflect on the person as to how dignified it comes together or not dudley dursley cornelius fudge minerva mcgonnagall neville longbottom peter pettigrew oliver wood
I think I’d take the long view - the good news is that at least she’s not pregnant...
thanks! :)
That's totally my focus for today, just enjoy the day and being there for myself :) it's so liberating.
yep, its still time based so 1st will be absolutely raking it in
i feel highs so ecstatic that just being normal feels like a thousand mile drop and being unhappy is excruciating
i feel like the cabbage potatoes and venison were components of a rich stew and the pomegranate seeds were meant to cut through the thick oiliness of the rest of the dish
Thank you, trust me I'm extremely glad.
I gotta try that with my posse next time I’m on. That’s hilarious
Hope you had a great time!
I love how well 90dayF references easily relate to LAL. I hope you're able yo watch it.
Thats what I thought, he can be very lucky to walk away from that
Blue Cheese is about as close as my lips and tongue are going to come to pronouncing that. lol
i feel like i should mention there was another sweet family with us
This is great, thank you
yes, i know that people think of me as some strange freak because i never talk to anyone and act so awkward in social situations
that's weird... playing Smash Ultimate usually just makes me feel like drinking.
Pulp Fiction is fucking amazing
Dude it’s my dream to go to Australia on vacation
Again.. lolz.
Thank you! We feel hard. We just don’t express it the same way feelers or maybe just most people recognize.
i m feeling very much relax and calm
Agreed. 52k isn’t a high paying job, it’s average. He probably is just irresponsible with his money.
It's time to cultivate some mass.
im really feeling good
Hmm it seems fun enough to build on my own but thanks!!!
lmao it's true. I'm cracking up about it.
He's not an ugly guy, but 8 is too high. He's between 5-6.
i feel quite convinced that phenomenal states really are distinct from any material goings on inside this body
holy shit I got mad at those 4 points you made [NAME], playing [NAME] like that would be literally hell.
i do know how i feel but id like to hear an intelligent explanation to then see where i stand
That's interesting, thank you. I'll mention it to the psych when I see them next.
He looks like the demon all the other demons beat up for lunch money
You were really fortunate! See, that’s what I imagined would happen...
This is amazing to think about and love that [NAME] is there. 10/10
It’s never been good lol
im sure everyone is starting to feel the christmassy and getting into the festive era
i feel so inspired by her motivation and passion that i wanted to share it here with you a href http
i feel like i may be veering into some stereotypes pretty soon
In all seriousness, glad you're all okay and that you shared this awesome story. Congrats btw.
i feel is a near flawless film
I dont know how this is a joke. BUTT, I appreciate the effort.
I like how the last picture is of [NAME] beaming smile and not even so much about the tattoo at all.
Amazing that Aunt [NAME] wouldn't genuinely reflect on her her behavior, or realize that she is raising a spoiled, rude child.
I see Barca fans saying [NAME] is better and I can't help but laugh.
If [NAME] gets 350M+ from anyone we should be glad we didn't get him.
The sheer size of [NAME] now is insane, would love to see him come back at heavyweight
I love the idea if choosing an outfit based on what kind of person I wanna be that day. Sounds like a fun way to experiment.
Nah, it's still funny. I think it would be less funny if it was my country tho
Oh [NAME] lol the cringe is palpable
i feel like i don t have anything to say that is worthwhile to others and i don t want to bother people with my worthless thoughts
i feel very contented just sitting beside him without even uttering a single word
i just feel like a very successful year old
im sat here feeling rather pleased with myself that my bathroom and bedroom are all clean and tidy and trying to work out what to wear to a uv paint party this evening
Thank you once again! I'm officially out of question now lol Happy New Year!
I have never visited the NOLA, but I hear it has great blockparty and festival cultures (Mardis Gras being the main one)
That's an unusual idea, I must try it out! Thank you!
Shit dude I thought I was Mr. [NAME]? Here have some beans lol
What a great word
I had that thought as well.
i feel so inspired
Haha! I realized that after your comment. Definitely not trying to walk in Loubs with a peg leg LOL
I'm really interested in seeing those other 6
Can confirm. My forehead creases came from doing this for years.
Hopefully we will se [NAME] at least as a sub. We love you [NAME].
I really hope I don’t ever experience a mid life crisis at all. But if I do, I at least want to act my age.
[NAME] came a long way since the nervous wreck he was the first year. or.. two.
This guy is one of the best role models for [NAME]
I hope [NAME] likes my Thanos costume though.
In heaven that's the only thing that's going on. All the angels and human souls sing [NAME] praises forever.
My tongue is still a little scorched lol. But totally worth it
bravo.. my friend.. bravo.. that was great!! I've never seen that before. That made my day.
Haha and [NAME] is calling the Chicago crew the most triggered bunch. Then proceeds to scream at them like the little triggered bitch he is.
In that case... Happy Amnesia Day!
I’LL SEE YOU AGAIN NEXT TIME
i feel almost virtuous almost as though ive rejected being tethered to material goods but of course i still have two suitcases full of cashmere sweaters and rainboots
Aw thanks for the hug, and yeah he did sound like a jerk.
i merely say i do not feel those activities to be acceptable for godly men for examples to others
Lol I do the same. Sometimes it gets stuck in my head for days.
It's mostly what kids are enjoying at the time. I know I associate Minecraft with my little brother would watch cringey Minecraft YouTube videos all day
You were at a casino. Sounds like you won.
Alright, thanks for that tip! <3
my favorite moment in the history of the show is when he thrashed that woman.
Outwardly projecting someone you aren't internally sounds exhausting. Hopefully coming on here will provide some form of relief for you.
The perfectly timed dessert, and delicious looking, too!
Forgot he had been sent down and was really confused, but happy about this post.
Glad I could help. (Side tip: hit return twice to break out of the ">>")
One of the best (and occasionally worst) things about being from Westside is that you can always see the skyline from any major east-west street!
im sure something will come to me on a day when im feeling a little more artistic
Her mother has been visiting the book sales down at Miskatonic university! You apparently have an excellent reading background, and you've learned well!🧛‍♀️💜
i am in front of a blank canvas i feel calm and focused
Many Stores are doing away with the "fine" jewelry - but we make a ton of money on the costume jewelry - the mark up is ridiculous!
All of the ones regular people have, just applied in a more logical way I guess.
i feel safer with people who put themselves out there because to me thats just friendly
Ha! I actually included that on purpose, was poking fun at me (and the typical MS3) :)
As a biologist lol. What about hermaphrodites?
i feel a radiant and grounded presence of truth beauty and goodness
I don't know what the main broadcast is like, but the MNF crew is amazing.
i feel like i should have something more intelligent to say about this but that s all i ve got right now
Thank you! That's the explanation I was looking for.
The characters and story are really enjoyable. The dungeons are awesome. Generally decent sidequests. Fun items. Cool art style and character designs
It literally never occurred to me that there would be a sub for USAJOBS. Thank you so much
If they rig the DNC once, they can do it again.
It was great, and it still is.
I'm glad I'm not the only one that allocates points for road kills.
Sure hope #4 includes subsidized housing. I'm terrified.
I read that too and was nowhere near as useful as being that valuable.
This would be cool for a kids science project about conductors and why metal is such a good conductor
Heyyy bear hug!
She’s lovely! Cheers to your lives together
I will watch tonight, thank you!
I mean all marxist obviously praise [NAME], and would hold meetings with [NAME].
I'm glad :)
I read that as [NAME]. Lol
Lol I love this flair
Not claming [NAME] would make [NAME] look more stupid lol. If someone claimed [NAME] we'd be over the moon about getting that contract off our team for next year.
i understand because of what but even towards the end when she starts going outside again i feel like she ll never be truly happy again
im feeling generous for my fellow bookworms and kiddies even if youre just a kid at heart
Wow yes, that is a perfect way to describe it.
I am really sorry that you are feeling this way. Sending you good vibes and reminding you that you are beautiful.
Are you joking??????
You'd think people who have this high an opinion of themselves would be more open to taking advice on how to beat certain matchups. Enjoy being a scrub.
i feel all glamorous
ive come home for the holidays i feel so much more mellow
I switched to Ally and love it. 2.2% interest is awesome
Same truly adds to making La Liga the great league it is.
i am feeling well and happy with my progress
will watch the films, thanks for the recommendation
Why or when was he ever a locker room cancer though? Am I missing something? Thanks for the downvote for asking a question, though.
i feel the reason were apart of each others lives is because im in his to help him become something to push him to succeed and be successful and happy
It's also about anyone else who feels down or attacked by misandrist social signals. Finding ways to counteract these signals and their effects is a worthwhile pursuit.
i it did not feel sincere
Yeah fucking thanks, politicians back in the day.
i pray look next to my phone what time i feel my anxiety levels getting too superior
Yes officer, this one here
New year home boy. You can still change. If not, 2020 is your time to shine boiii
I mean, is that really a guilty pleasure? It sounds like the coolest thing I have ever heard.
M'goodboy. His mommy better give him plenty of tendies and honey mussy for his good manners.
i was feeling rather self satisfied that my teen daughter and i were facebook friends
Congrats! How are you feeling about it?
"Family is forever"? Weird, I thought humans age and die relatively quickly.
I seen a video, must have been one of the students where they've completely surrounded the [NAME].
You have inspired someone to create something that is liked by others. Is v nice feel.
satisfying, really.
Lol loving these choose your own ending memes [NAME] 💕
haha someone's gotta rep for our struggling sports programs
“I have no experience being mean” is probably one of the sweetest things that I have ever heard omg
I was expecting this to go MUCH worse than it did and I’m so glad my imagination wasn’t right.
Even [NAME] has said "I'm happy *for you*" to pregnant women he's known.
Hey I’m at Ellsworth and Guadalupe! No snow 😕 probably while we sleep tonight 😐 Happy New Years neighbor!!
i have a feeling that somehow this week will go quickly which is splendid because i wouldnt have it any other way for my two favorite men await me at the end of the week ryan and andrew bird of course
I'm not sure if this is /r/titlegore or /r/nextfuckinglevel But I approve.
Boy where is you. We use to race on the parkway in highschool lmao.
Best decision of your life.
Glad you liked it!
i feel these divine forces so strongly sometimes i wonder if agnostics atheists and judeo christian fundamentalists have any feeling or excitement in their hearts
That used to be my favorite view on the planet, but now it’s just rage. I can’t look anymore.
i don t discuss even my feelings for beloved with anyone
Right? That's news to me. I'll be excited when that happens, I wonder how that works.
Lol shit yeah.
Lucky, when I did it my nickname ended up being [NAME]
This is how my SO gaslights me. I hope it goes well when he comes home and good luck with the baby!
Thank you for this encouragement. It's been a very long time since I've made any progress
Sorry about that. I hope the fix is more appropriate. Thank you!
That was a great episode
Don’t be so negative. Living like a medieval peasant is easy in today’s world.
My vote... snow will mainly be in the mountains. Good thing to help with the summer drought.
Maybe. It's an interesting theory for sure :)
Montreal is a beautiful city
Acestream is a great tool, just a shame that it's closed source, makes it a bit scarier for me to use.
Wow im glad my uncle is dead , this sounds crazy .
Here’s hoping!
I am so mad I haven’t thought of doing this. Just brilliant
That’s what I think as well.
i will feel triumphant
i mainly like to text because i feel like i am so much more clever with the written word rather than the spoken
thanks man.
i might be afraid to leave the house to nurse in public to commit to a social engagement or to wear anything that makes me look worse than i already feel so in honor of fearless friday i invite our newbie mom readers to do something that scares them
Yes!!!!!! She’s a hot mess!
i stopped taking the prescribed antidepressants months ago without bad feelings there good feelings have no distinction from the norm
i feel for the guy because i think he is sincere honest and intelligent
Then you should probably get out more.
Get in, I'll tune in now
I use to play with colored pencils as a child, I also use to play with chapsticks and lipsticks too! They are very entertaining!
i feel very happy to have inspired is my little sis love of reading and writing
i have experimented lots of the experiences she mentions and sadly this made me realize that most women feel that their career paths are somehow going to be determined by their partners if they support them or not their children ther co workers etc
Well [NAME] just missed...so there’s that bit of good news
i have mixed feelings about this single but i am glad to see her working again
I agree. The timing is really funny to me
I look cuter in red P’s.
[NAME] face looks so cute here. What happened. Too many fillers ?
I actually laughed my ass off so hard i had tears. Well done creator!!
rich people usually tip the worst lol
i live though it is my husband my children my spirituality my love for nature and my enthusiasm for life that keeps me feeling grounded and happy
Good pick. I love Dream to Dream from the sequel Fievel Goes West.
Even though I'm not the poster thanks for this, I had no idea it was a thing. I'm going to check it out.
i feel so thankful i have been able to figure out ways to get around or deal with most of these minor side effects and that i have not dealt with anything too serious
Ah thanks so much
Me too! Just figured out how.
im finally feeling a little more productive
i have a feeling they don t find whiskey to be humorous over there at the health department
Omg congratz for you guys!!!!! That is amazing news :) good luck with twins.
His entire speech during the climb was amazing.
Lol. Thanks for the advice friend
A surprise to no one. Absolute stud.
Yeah she looks like a real [NAME]!
The double fist bump made me smile, her happiness was contagious
I am sure the men here who have Career [NAME] and Supermodel [NAME] fighting over him will appreciate this sage advice.
Thanks for calling me an idiot... was definitely necessary.
Yes. It's a good trigger for discussion to move past [NAME] model, though.
i went through everything you all have too and am feeling fantastic right now
i got a haircut today so yes i feel handsome
For real I thought that shit was on loop lol
I had a fleeting thought that he sent a letter to Penthouse Fourms...lol!
Funny thing is I come from New Zealand so the concept of health insurance and paying off maternity bills is foreign outer space Taliban talk to me.
Not OP, but this is a really great response and I'm saving it on my computer for a rainy day. Thank you.
i finally get it right i feel happily smug and relieved that a piece of work is done
It's funny how the mention snoop at the end of the article, reminded me of the chappelle's show episode about [NAME]
Ah, the good old days where you could lose in a game! Yes!
i walked away from that encounter feeling blessed too
This is adorable I want an update
Oh yah for sure, I am on that page dude. I thought that’s what you meant.
Really liked your law and dragon ones man. Good stuff.
That's my point he's comparing two things that are different this is past oranges and apples.
i do and love so much i realized that ive simply been cooking and posting recipes because i feel like i have to for content not because i have a story
Wow [NAME] went cold... can’t wait to see [NAME] find out why!
I like your name.
Came here to say this. I thank you kindly. Long live America. 😁
im feeling virtuous i do a spinach feta cranberry salad with balsamic viniagrette
Then enjoy your shutdown!
i feel very privileged when i think that the homes that i grew up in still exist and i
i feel may be vital to fiction itself
im feeling pretty contented too having an instructor to assist me with higher level math again for a while is very helpful
It's just a really good impression. The actual voice is a bit deeper.
Love this. Thanks for sharing.
He’d go down with a mysterious season ending injury
Yes I’m in a 2 bedroom now with a lot more space and yes they live in Virginia but they live in the Hampton roads area
Simple lies. Easy lies immoral lies making money. Good life!
Ahhh. A civil and interesting conversation on the internet. How refreshing.
Im glad your out too! Im glad you found joy in camping =)
i hate missing practice because i feel like the reps in practice are vital to your performance on sunday
i may or may not have cried when thanking them for making my children feel so special and loved
Utah roads are definitely some of the best out there. Anywhere else I have lived has had either similar or worse, or waaaay waaaay worse
“excuse me, sorry im next”. “oh sorry”(moves behind you). “thank you”
Expectations was amazing - this ain’t it
Appreciate you keeping to the bet. The other guy hasn't yet. Take care bro.
Oh that sucks good luck man
Good luck with ur sales. Get an ig page going and backpack off thugpug hashtags. Be a lot easier then on here.
Thank you :) I'm trying to hang out with friends more, I felt like I was quite distant from them because of him
Hopefully but I don't think it's going to change anytime soon
i did yesterday is very akin to carlas work in this book so i feel it could help strengthen my drawing in this area of playful creating and help me gain confidence
Oh thanks I didn’t pay really attention haha
Hahahahaha, no there isn't. Thank god. Tell your friend he's an idiot for us.
I imagined as much, but I wasn’t sure, thanks for the clarification.
I'm in Printer's Row, but I do have a car so I might just go check it out. Thanks!
Superfluous? No, just give what you said would be necessary in 2006!
i am feeling very thankful and relieved
She’s still living rent free inside your head if you’re looking her up Edit: thanks for the gold kind redditor tehehehehehehe 🤪🤩🤠
lol, thank u. i might just not be the smartest, always possible
YOU WRITE LIKE A YOUNGER MAN, WITH NOTHING HELD BACK. ADMIRABLE, YET MISTAKEN.
Lol always a creepy mike
I'll Google it, thanks again!
Uh oh. I think I love Calabro. That was a hilarious call. Gotta love it!
Good answer -- thanks!
Happy Anniversary!
ill be thirty next year and im feeling positive about my life and the choices im making and the things that im putting out there into the world
i know that sounds really recycled and generic but its actually how i feel i love to sing and would more than love to make a living doing that but im going to school because i know that its not in the cards for all the talented people in the world to make it in the music business
Pistons gonna have to part with something the fans don't wanna give up. Haha
i go to sleep i feel as if i m giving up precious time to do something else with my life
39/43, turns out I need to follow the academy team a little more...
I'm out of my past issues in many ways; thank you for the concern. What is one without their vices
Wow, y'all are heroes!
i now feel like im finally in a position to decide whether to indulge in joyful jubilations and claim my free chocolate bar
Yeah I want all our players to have a nice healthy hatred for Texas. Good way to ensure they get hyped to play em.
No, you have the right too. Pretty crazy, but awesome thing we have. Freedom of expression.
Almost the same Win% as [NAME]. Nice.
i am really thankful to her to get this opportunity and feeling very honoured today
Nah I think that’s a salarian from mass effect 😂😂
I feel like there's some shenanigans in place here.
That’s reasonable
You can get trough it, it sounds like fucking bullshit, but you can
i cant explain how proud of him i am and the feeling of seeing him so determined each time to win
Thank [NAME] though! Imagine someone like that with kids... yikes
Maybe he thought they meant HOKEY!!!! Like “the hokey pokey”. Lol
Great article. Thanks for posting
Oh [NAME] this is going to garner such hate hahaha
You’re the meme this sub jokes about.
i am beginning to feel that theres a good chance i might pass
That’s dope nice job
[NAME], I hope so..
Oh so you're not even a believer..Yeah, there is nothing for us to discuss. Thanks though.
i have a feeling that i should post some sort of content on here for you blog hoppers to possibly comment about
#welcome to Doordash lol We all quit Doordash
Oh lol. I always just typed them out manually. :hamsad:
Saw this yesterday and it's way funnier with the whole joke spoiled by the /r/bestof title, for sure.
Yes, when I need to get my jush, it’s freaking epic.
This is the best thing I've ever seen on Reddit
I agree. That is a fight better left for later.
Oh man. I had to do it last year. Hopefully my leaders think more highly of me this year.
i caressed it affectionately and she curled up ever so close to me giving me that wonderfully warm feeling of divine mother s loving sparsh which i cannot forget
I've spent too much of my life being angry at the Jets, just gotta roll with it now.
Ahhh, my birthday month. I must go..
I'd prefer her as an actual character
Top ten nicest things anyone has ever said to me!
i always intended on achieving just so i could be with everyone else and feel like i was an intelligent productive and successful person
Nice. Thanks for the original.
that was the part that got to me first. ouchie.
This is the best thing I've seen so far in 2019. As a gamer and a human being this is love in video form 😊
Coincidence..only 2 hours ago I opened a roll of US quarters Ive had for a few months..16 regular pcs...and 24 states quarters. 24..quite happy.
Xbox 360. I’ve never gamed before so I’m excited.
i get some exercise and feel like im doing something worthwhile in the meantime
You consider 15-17 year olds people too!?! Thanks, i suppose!
Are you [NAME]? Haha Kidding but shouldn’t feel that way, you tried it and now try to look for something that will keep you going.
Which totally makes it less funny for a person like me who has never seen this before, and laughed.
i watch iggy azealea strutting down a desert road in louboutins for her latest music video or rita ora stepping out for a dinner date in a red vivienne westwood gown i cant help but feel as though i would look cooler and feel more satisfied if i channeled their same sense of style
I played for a decade+ on release, I'd be happy to help you or anyone else!
I wanna believe it's a reference to CNN hosting 500 town halls & debates with [NAME] since the election.
I only watched a few episodes, but I loved that guy.
Hahaha I know this one, thank you SORTED boys!
i have gone to kitoben and worked with the children and on the playground i feel very joyful to be able to be working for others
So cute! This lady thinks you're hot!
That is genius.
... but he LOVES you. Perfect.
Sorry it didn't help. I hope you can find something that does.
thank you it’s just odd it randomly showed up and hasn’t always been there
I agree. That should be the core. [NAME] will be an elite defender
This is great. Good Yard!
i love the way i just look into her eyes and feel assured
I'm sorry you felt alone. It's a terrible suffocating feeling of dread. I hope you are feeling better and that you are in good health
Well, to them that probably was the polite term! That's funny though lol
oh, okay
i feel about perfect endings
Jajaja (hahaha)
This is why, when I do it, I'm gonna do it as quick and brutally as possible. This is inhumane.
should have expected that ending ... but nice new (?) twist on that common joke
Damn that is impressive. Can we draft an entire o-line from them?
THANK you. They don’t even know how they sound
Thank you so much! We will likely also be doing that haha :)
He's shooting very efficiently, too. Most of his FGs scored at the rim.
Exactly. It just shows they can't make a good argument.
ive been feeling better about myself
[NAME] speed RL 😂😂😂
I love how all these suspects greet [NAME] like an old friend.
It’s possible that the dog just escaped. Especially since it might be excited by the massive crowd running
Thank you for doing your service. The world is now a better place because of you
i guess i have a right to feel this way but i dont know because lately i havent been a faithful contributing member of the christian faith
Her hair has looked it’s best since around 2015ish. I love the dark hair on her with the subtle pops of color.
>I just wanna let you know your beautiful I don't appreciate being lied to!
I personally am very proud to be a vegetable. Corn, to be exact. Corn pride y'all
Famous for his 3-4 Defense
Have a good evening thank you!
i hope that you are all feeling festive and keeping warm
I can see that! Let's say that I'm less enthused by that idea now than I was after Mania last year...
Wooooo! Yeah! -applause-
So birds and limes are bikes. Wow, TIL.
I enjoyed speaking to [NAME]
I can’t wait for socialist Norway to collapse.
He’s one of America’s greatest songwriters.
Anyone remember Space Dandy? It was short and stupid, but the animation was great. Very tounge in cheek.
Thank you TC for getting us to 100!
i remember feeling as if i didn t belong and that i wasn t smart enough cool enough or even young enough
[NAME] is an arrogant schmuk but he’s good at what he does.
Thank you I love you
Just learn from this and move on bro. Give yourself time to mourn.
That's so frustrating but I'm glad you're all safe.
A great way to start the new year. Happy New year everyone.
She’s beautiful! 💙
[NAME]* that would have been sliiiiick
Probably overdose in a hotel after losing my virginity to an escort on my 30th birthday
Yes, yes, yes. Oh my [NAME]!
I'm a girl and got the belt for doing something similar with another girl.
Yeah, try to buy a relationship, good idea...
I guess the answer is pretty obvious too lol. It would be silly if you posted “[NAME] too...” the bucs?
That was a very well put together video, entertaining and informative. [NAME] is a national treasure.
i have a feeling hell be a casual favorite if blue or red are heavy colors at your casual tables otherwise i could see it in tournament decks while red is popular and possibly when if blue steps in its place one zendikar block rotates out
A joke of a mock and I usually refrain from being critical of other people's perspectives of team needs and such.
Damn, dude lol You should've calmed him down.
i would love to go into this for two reasons i care about how people feel and im a very sweet person so i think id be good at it and helping them get through it
Lol. That's funny though!
I remember all the Bolt-on jokes this sub was making when it happened. All the best [NAME]
i have a feeling he is much more talented than i am
YESSSS!! The schtick with cameras never failed to delight.
I didn't realize it was that common of a thing for guys to do xD
Happy birthday, [NAME]! Hope you have a wonderful day!
>cold, dead butt Ah, so it's laughter. Laughter is what kills me.
Great drawing :)
LPT: If you need more money just get a better job that pays more!
i wonder if they feel like i do sometimes that all the joy of what we do is no longer as joyful because now it s based on research methods keynotes comparisons and appearances
i could feel the radiant heat of emanating from her naked sex reaching longingly for the probing tip of my hardness
> You could probably argue that they'd be fine with giant steaks and BBQ Pretty sure I mentioned it.
Fourth guy had nice hair though tbh
Ah I see, thanks for the insight
id better settle for glasses of iced water for now and press those on my cheeks to feel its delicious coolness
This is actually awesome.
i feel that each point is equally important than each
Oh boy you’re really going to trigger the “enlightened centrists” with this contemptuous babbling.
I'd be extremely motivated to take any form of martial arts lessons if they didn't cost $100 per month around where I live
The fact that 34 thousand people upvoted that painting truly blows my mind
This is pretty funny. I’ve known dozens of people who fall into all of those stereotypes.
It’s beautiful hun
That's awesome to hear. Now withdraw every dime from that website and never go back to it ever again.
Counter's clean, you're welcome!
Wow, a Walmart Truck Stop. I think that would be outstanding! They should do that everywhere, I mean they already have the land.
Thank you for the kind words, that's very sweet.
Cool. Thanks for the tips!
That’s awesome! VPD and the Mounties should do the same here.
Good job Mr [NAME]. That is all
Neat sub idea! I like it.
The best meme
Such a beautiful smile! I can tell from your eyes that you’re a good person, and very sweet. I hope life treats you well.
I got the exact same message from tati yesterday ! She said on her twitter that it's definitely a scam
i feel very happy each time i saw him
i feel very clearly now and am reassured that in leaving we did the thing that we needed to do the thing that god was leading us to do
Thanks, guys! Most of what you guys said were helpful. I'll work on myself a bit and not try too hard. ☺
It pays well and I enjoy it. I travel 6 months a year. For the last 16 years.
So can relate. Hot to the point I hated feeling good because it wouldn't last. Might as well enjoy the moment!
So excited for this!! Thanks to all who have worked so hard to put this together <3
i like to throw in a habanero if i m feeling brave and spring onions
Definitely didn’t give [NAME] a huge scar
lmao I didn't realize that error.
i cant tell you the joy i was feeling as i held my now calm son
I have a cold too 😿. Hope you feel better!
I’d rather have 50$ every time I see a variation of this prompt lol
i got the feeling brig is sincere and has a very strong desire to help others become successful both financially and also through building strengthening relationships through christianity
I thought it was funny lol. The whole situation was dumb and both sides were in the wrong.
And sock puppets. Wow. Nothing out of you is in good faith.
You’re so right. I’m just overthink it. But do you think it’s better in person or text?
i prayed to trust god with my desire to feel a divine sense of home
I’ve tried a few times on mobile and it never works for some reason. Edit: just logged on at work and fixed it. Feels good
His Ma must be really impressed with her sharply dressed son. 👊💦
i didnt feel like moving around things were going just fine by themselves
I see - thank you for the insight.
i feel unease in my room but our living room is very pleasant for me
I'm glad you had such a positive experience on the sub and congrats on the relationship.
Thank [NAME] for your mother and her googling skills! Now if you have kids you know who allowed and welcome to be around them and who not.
It's kinda funny when it's told to you
i feel when i just out from my dorm and began to breath a pleased liberty
This is great! [NAME] the legend
Omg [NAME] is so cute in this artstyle
I agree. The funny part *is* the funny part.
Ladies and gents, I present to you, your typical anti-gunner.
Oh wow. Yeah I’m very new, only about 8 hours gameplay
school is not that bad
Funk Night @ Marble Bar is Friday, 1/25. Always a good time and only $5 to get in.
Damn well I would love to eventually monetize, right now I’m drawing custom thot portraits on Fiverr but no bites yet lol
You sound like a great Dad and husband to me. Hang in there.
Thanks :)
What's up, man? I'm new to this but I will try my best
i absolutely cannot wait for september th to roll around i feel calm i suppose in my waiting
Feels like cod
Sorry I kind of took it like you were flexing on my or my opponents skill or something lmao
True. Guys who are legitimately ugly (a facial deformity) don't even have the chance to make an impression.
Yes, I know, I read the article, thanks. I'm not sure why you're quoting that, it doesn't change anything I said.
Brain dead clearance. Honestly deserved lead. They have been better.
Not my text lol? Im sorry dude your a weirdo and the downvotes have demonstrated that lol
i hear myself soothing in a low soft voice and i marvel at how the voice makes me feel calm and strong also
Just got my seats a couple of days ago!
i feel strangely tranquil and happy
i have had a few days off work and i am feeling very relaxed and lucky to share and enjoy them with my hubby
You’re right, I was thinking of AiG or the Discovery Institute.
You just know he liked his own comment
Yes it is child abuse. It’s sexist too.
im not feeling quite so adventurous i might just find a quiet spot to read
im sorry for your loss. your aunts behavior is disgusting. dont give her anything.
i really like the job so far and i feel like i am genuinely putting some good out into the world
i feel like its not worth trusting him
It was a nice one too! GO AHEAD [NAME], SLAP THAT HAM!
ive gone through stages of nervousness and sheer terror but now i am feeling relaxed and excited
[NAME] is so fun. You can cc everyone and be annoying af. Imo [NAME] is the most fun role 🤷
This is the kinda stuff that is cute in romantic comedies. It just depends on how much you like him.
i must admit no matter how early i start playing christmas music and doing my holiday shopping the tree makes everything feel so much more holly and jolly
i think what i m going to do is care less about anything that doesn t matter and won t make me feel successful in life
i may even try to make her some matching hair bows or when i feel more talented make them and sell them
I just wish he got more screen time. Im enjoying this season but I feel like the huge cast of side characters get all the attention.
i have nothing to compare this love to but i feel sure it is a true deep love
He looks like a Spanish Solly March, so I’ll assume he’s as average as Solly is.
Come on, this would be funny with a better caption.
i'm just making fun of how when moids say they like personality they dont really mean it
True. Here the mistakes has already been made. Please don't mess up for us who are looking for an alternative refuge to Israel.
i had the most amazing run this morning and im feeling so determined these past few days
> your character is so yuck Thank you, for confirming my suspicions of who/what you are.
I agree that all people deserve respect and to be free from harassment, intimidation, or assault.
Yeah that was his mistake
Feels good bruh
Redditors can really come together in a time of dire need.
Yes please. What's that @ ?
Oh that's hard. I hope you get an amazing nap in the car. The exhaustion is real with babies.
i could feel was peace which was welcomed after a week of packing saying good bye and dealing with an overwhelming feeling of displacement
Poor fella just got his arms out of plaster and we’re already making fun of him
i forgive myself that i have accepted and allowed myself to express myself in such a way so that i could feel superior and more than others
> Do you think Amazon reviews are don't mean anything? Yes because they are very easy to game.
My nmom always says "Well, you learned from it!"
[NAME] was better at converting 3rd and 5+ than 3rd and <5 before his injury in 2015.
Thank you! Don't be afraid to stand up for yourself otherwise you'll ended up in your late 30s exhausted and unhappy!
i am feeling the need to consolidate to step back and re evaluate the purpose of this blog other than providing a fabulous vicarious life for yall to live through my sarcasm does not always come across in print
i feel more graceful already
Name one thing this person in power has said or done that’s racist. This should be fun..
Glad to hear. It seems like a very hopeful sign. 👍
I didn't see it the first time and appreciate the repost.
i feel reasonably assured run no magical genealogical strains
thank you, female, very cool
Truly incredible work ;)
i also need to remember how bad overeating makes me feel not just the fullness but the hangover i get from food thats too rich or too sugary
im feeling slightly optimistic
Srs I have tears in my eye from laughing... and also because I’m immunocompromised and live not too far from there lmaoooooooooo
The world needs more Attack of the Killer Tomatoes memes.
I agree i think it's a problem with inner game even when i get the number she don't answer
Barista Parlor and Crema have been my favorite so far.
Double doink Love it
Looks like he's got the funk.
Lol I collect them too!
Thins are my favorite and I will not apologize. It makes the flavor of the cookie shine through.
Lmao. Thank God [NAME] lost and [NAME] crushed the souls of these lunatics in 2016
Oh my gosh!!!!!! 😂 you poor thing! Thanks for sharing!
Oh, the Custom is a great guitar. But it doesn't have same snarl of the Epi.
Lmao this dude sitting in an Iowa thread throwing shade on New Years Day with nothing better to do.
ill be attending college classes and ill have a bunch of stuff to tell you guys about like how classes are going and how im feeling and if i meet anyone cute or not
You gotta use the footage that you got haha And yeah of course, my guy.
When is that? There will always be supporters who don't support the players.
I hope this leads to [NAME] empire going down.
I watch more Netflix on my phone than my other devices. And it looks incredibly amazing on my Samsung phone screen instead of my mediocre PC monitor.
Ugh, the learning curve for hurdles has to be a painful one... kudos for finishing. Last couple falls probably destroyed her knees.
i am excited about new traditions with loved ones these days feel rich because of the precious ones before them
That's awesome. I never realized it was attributed to [NAME], though.
I hope you’re doing well with RCIA! So sorry for your loss. Praying for you, your family, and your daughter ♥️
i said that dancing makes me feel vaguely elegant
My kids did, I’m sure! I hope this card enjoys the bottom of my trash can.
Thanks for sharing your thought. You have a fair and reasonable perspective. Happy New Year!
Agreed, those who are waiting for their life-changing amounts to buy a home for their families just have to wait.. they are so selfish
My own worst enemy singalong is my favorite LOL
i generally try not to worry about what others think or feel that im putting on a brave face for their benefit
I upvoted this comment because I'm a dumbass snarkball who doesn't know how anything works.
Nope, don’t even know what dart is. Sorry. And thanks!
Hard to believe we scored like 8 points through the first 6 minutes.
i cant change how he feels find the positive
This is great, thank you! I’ll take a read and see what is still available.
Thanks. I knew DH, but that one was confusing me.
im going to go do my anti dance flow now and if i feel eager since ill be on the mat anyhow i might even do a few circuits of grow a spine
i know hes upset that ryan did this to me he liked him when he met him and he even thought his feelings for me were sincere
y'know, I should try that haha... (music gets depressing) ha
i feel like a blundering idiot around these people which might be exactly what i need but it doesn t make it any more pleasant
i feel innocent and free again
i pray that you feel the presence of god around you and that you realize that the birth of gods son was a precious gift for you and you never have to be alone
I hope these young women change the church and not the other way around.
Oh wow Thats definitely something
If you like that I got one that you may like. makes me laugh everytime here
i no longer had hard feelings for and very luckily and unexpectedly met this sweet and interesting girl on tumblr who is an aiw fan but she also runs a wonderful alice in wonderland blog called she still haunts me phantomwise
And then expanded on! It's so good. Haha I still remember hours and hours spent on Friends of Mineral Town though...
Your actions mean your gf is still being bullied. Nice move
i get through it pretty quickly but it just makes me feel like im not being respected
i would like a lazy immersed in my boring feeling i like the friends have a pleasant talk together and boring
I feel you, mama. I hope tomorrow is a better day.
Good looking calamari.
i started university at the age of and although it was incredibly nerve racking i feel organised and determined which is a far cry from the jess of years ago or maybe even for that matter
Drink off those hangovers boys, we have the best team in the universe to watch
>Nice tip. I'm gonna wakeup fast against [NAME], [NAME] etc now
[NAME] has been really blunt about things lately, I love it.
ive been without a home without somewhere that i feel truly welcomed and safe
i am a happily married man shows me his wedding ring and i swear i am not hitting on you but i just feel this sweet energy from you like i know you but i dont know you right
I do have EAP and was lucky enough to get 10 sessions using it. I’ll chat with my boss tomorrow about taking time off. Thank you!
This seems like a massive cope. But do whatever makes you happy.
i have countless other reasons in my life to feel joyful
i feel like it would be too clever and get into a ton of things all the time
Hahaha, good point
i should be feeling eager to leap into stash of fabric and make something
This sounds like a great idea! Stop STUPIDITY Act
Pretty fucking brutal when your starting front court is 0-10 from the field. Whatever. I figured we would split this back to back anyway. Good game for our big 3.
is only friend made yuuki feel special
i do love the inverted suspension though its the only one that makes me feel graceful and elegant and sexy
Its not about not making the All Star game, that's for sure
The one with the hot honey is also fantastic. Touch of heat and just a hint of sweet. Good food.
Always felt like this match would go 5. Come on [NAME]!
Whoops. Didn’t know that was a thing. Thanks!
This joke made me want to walk right out of the Dumbledoor.
I would never tell anyone stick is better than pad, but speaking personally, it's way more fun
Looks like a good DILF look to be fair lol
This is amazing!! I love it!
Don't worry, when you turn 20 you'll look back and cringe, too.
This was a beautiful moment for the FT coming together
i mentioned above feel free to hit me up about anything
Yeah nuance is in desperate need. The world is complex. Simple answers using simple binary thinking may not give us meaningful political discourse.
This just looks like it’s actually from porn lol what is the original context
i feel triumphant so deal with it
I agree, this subs being a little overly toxic about it
If they actually want to prevent abortions, they should be fighting for universal healthcare, comprehensive sex ed, and civilized parental leave policies.
Such a cool pic! Really wish the moon was in the dead middle though 🙃🙃
i feel pretty virtuous about it actually
Love the top logo although I’d gladly take the bottom one, the goat head, or a poop emoji any day over the buffaslug.
i didn t want to feel the disappointment that i was sure to come by getting no more traffic and recognition than before
Keep on auto aiming bud. One day you'll get good maybe haha.
You post your pics online. Good for you! You're probably not a subhuman
i feel like this author is a little underrated considering how creative she has written scarlet
What a great response!!
> Obs streamlabs Thank you buddy, I will take a look at it now and do some testing
Oh I'm contributing mate, don't you worry. The sub clown has been made to look like a knob again! Enjoy your Sunday night x
congrats on trying to correct american english with british english, two separate things
Like I said, stunning. But not at all surprising you would reference [NAME].
im feeling are happiness wholeness and excited anticipation sometimes im reduced to tears and can barely begin to put my feelings into words
i don t feel as relaxed when i sleep because of this
im not convinced that it all makes since because the talking never feels sincere in its execution and maybe the themes in life seem to large to ever fathom but what s the point when it already feels like an emotionless pit of self craving attention
Yes he knew the child was his. I was living with him the entire time and we were constantly together.
Was getting ready to comment about this one. Was really surprised how much I liked it but can see why it’s not for everyone
i finally feel excited to continue to try to lose some weight
It's been 10 minutes, I'm still laughing 😂😂😂
i diabetes and clinical depression and put right the record on my abstinence from alcohol for over eight years i feel more calm and listened to by the specialists
Im glad youre going to be a perfect parent who never makes any mistakes. Make sure you write a book!
That's the only way us [NAME] can successfully learn the hardest language in the world. /s
Thanks for the clarity.
i feel i shouldve enjoyed this trip as i always very eager to see aussy but i cant feel such feeling as mom is not among us any longer
My friend can't kiss her husband if he's had gluten and not washed his face.
take my arrow. so fucking true
i may pour out the half empty cup here i will still be making significantly less than i was making at the age of fresh out of college is an entire dollar and some change more an hour which feels like sweet desperate progress
i got home from work i was feeling adventurous and was also feeling him very active in there and so i decided to start poking on my belly to see what would happen
I hope the guys play 60 minutes tonight! Have a nice day everyone c:
that's a pretty cool box art. Shame the beetle's hand isn't actually wrapped around the stick though.
This is such a good game so far from literally all of BIG. THIS IS THE FUTURE BOYS!
That would be awesome
That’s awesome man!
I laughed at this harder than I'd expected to. Also, joke's on them when those turds freeze solid like everything else in the Midwest rn.
i feel convinced my twins would declare the same
I personally find it very funny how they talk about vaccines not helping against cancer, while there isn't even a vaccine against cancer
I haven't seen any of them, thanks!
good move. needed another lefty in the pen.
i feel that i m indulging him at times nor does it help that when we started talking his approach was more friend zone friendly than an i want to date you approach
i persevered and km later im feeling pretty smug
lol I hope no-one bothers to answer you in earnest honesty because you are so childish it'll just wash right over your ears.
i am this evening having had a brilliant night fantastic run and feeling jolly darn good
Finally some appreciation
Thanks, [NAME].
I was just kind of born into it, although ironically I was raised a cubs fan as well.
It’s fitting. All things Considered.
What a buttnoodle. Glad that “their” cat has a new family and that takes care of them. Thanks for sharing!
This is so good!!
You see what I mean . This is still bullshit that people won't expect that fact the alcohol and cigarettes harm your body more than weed does
Unfortunately it isn’t available in my location. But thank you for trying to help me ☺️
I definitely expected unwatchable pro-life drama and was quite delighted
i view jesus as a human being through whom i and others feel weve encountered the divine i dont view him as a superman
i feel may be useful to my readers who are searching tablets but dont want to break your wallet like the apple ipad tablets do
I’ll never do long distance again. Good luck broski.
If she is hot and has nice shoes..."I like your shoes."
i feel like i have to be a perfect person because trust me i dont want to be perfect
Oh no, the gig is up. I'm really [NAME]. LOL
San Diego is fucking awesome! This is coming from someone who lives in arguably the best place to live in Canada
i have that overwhelming feeling of not being good enough recently
But what if that's the only job I would enjoy?
War is quite different than state sponsored democide.
i have here is that whilst in one turn ill want people to make me feel better but on the other i dont want to have to think about it at all
Which is a huge shame since it took place at Wrestle Kingdom. Hoping he has a great reign filled with good matches.
I did rank them above protista.
Lol it was a joke. Meta from r/askreddit
i feel like our relationship revovles around sex and when we do he wants it to be really adventurous trying new things using toys etc ansi just find it exhausting trying to keep up
"You're right. Things are boring. You should find someone who isn't boring. I will too."
i feel like these were pretty productive days although i couldve cut back on the thinking as usual
Cuz [NAME] sat out lol
You’re amazing thank you so much!! :)
i feel like im not the only whos fed up with the world and im glad they trust their watchers with this kind of information
i am not too sure on how i feel about alec hes either innocent like he says he is or hes a damn good liar
i suppose that is how a lot of things feel when you are not feeling well
Oh sorry dude, I was just looking for the WiFi password. [NAME], but I hope you stay safe
I'd love it if we could just put everyone into work camps as soon as they turn 12. Property come would be a thing of the past!
I feel like Canadian Tire only exists still because "I guess I'll go to Canadian Tire, they'll have it"
Happy New Year to you, too!
Would rather not waste 2 more years of Odell and Saquon's prime tanking for a QB 2 years from now. He will enjoy Tampa
i can feel the amused smile that tugs at my lips
i feel like life is too good to be true
Man, this just gets funnier even after seeing it for the 30th time in the last month! /s
You’re right. Thanks so much, appreciate it.
That was quick lol. I like what I see so far too but come on
[NAME] was a strong candidate. I think she can win if it's an open seat race.
Sex lesson for a 28 year old oh god, but I see the point you’re tryin make and I’ll try it!
It's literally essential that everyone stop what they are doing and watch this, the best video, as many times as possible and then some more times.
i see in the underground in paris at night make me feel reassured
I actually like the progression of the [NAME] story. I think he has a chance to have a fantastic arc between FC5 and New Dawn.
Omg this is awesome. What a witch, I’m so glad they escorted her out.
i feel sure that this will be a night to remember
My ego is pretty ok. My fun-o-meter is a little off and needs calibration probably, though.
Ah I see, thanks. I struggle with the order of the sentences in English from time to time, so I'm glad for any help :)
Lovely integrity ya got there. Keep up the good work!!
Well in that case you should just tell other people I guess. And welcome to Reddit.
That’s a great idea! Thank you :)
i feel i am seeing a series of intelligent people who have compartmentalised science and religion mostly into separate areas of their minds and not all in the same way and they are flicking backing and forth between them like radio dials
i feel a divine calling to become an lsd chemist the pub shroomery message board link href smarty templates css www
Thank you! Does it contain clinical trails?
It's all fun and games until your crush turns into a spaceship.
I’m impressed.
Ah okay, I'm sorry lol, I'm dumb. Thanks for your response.
Gee, a GIF that doesn't move. Thanks, OP
This goes hard, keep working just a little bit more on it. It feels like a demo to a cool song Love it
GG. We played as best as we could. Utah just a better team.
Thank you!
[NAME] beat the Bears last season lol
You too. Glad to hear your respectful voice again
Grado SR80e is what I have, $100 and the best headphones I’ve ever put on
That's because he played the end of the game when they were feeding [NAME] with no results.
That guy is an actor. Forgot his name but he's in imdb, played small roles.
I was about to say the same lol.
He gets criticized for being too "showy" in his dialogue because people dont actually talk like he writes. But I love it
i made for the bee has left me feeling pretty terrific
i glimpse at his clarity when he takes the reigns i can feel the calm
OOF, well if im dancing with someone i dont really look at their crotch so im pretty surd ur fine. How old are u
While you were listening to [NAME] he was idolizing [NAME].
Agreed - from a team who made bowls at 6-6 twice in the past 5 years. We didn't deserve either of those.
I’m super proud of him. Great guy!
i feel that the most talented of illustrators designers are ones that know how to get an idea across without the trappings of crosshatching and lensflares on everything
Lol. I was fan of that show and that line prior to becoming a fan of Arsenal and recently put the 2 together.
i want to feel energetic again and when i do just that bit of exercise every day be it minutes i feel more awake energized and more focused
cool vid! but
im feeling like there are no casual dylan fans
It's very convenient!
Ah. Okay. Good luck with work tomorrow.
Neither of them looked good in the grimes beef lol
im living alone while waiting for my license test and english speaking test im feeling more relaxed hibernating without any fresh air
I guess. Thanks.
Here, here. Cheers to starting fresh!
Damnnnn nice feed bro. That choke throw to the spin attack was on point.
Lmao god damn
i feel that positive vibe just bashing its way slowly but surely through this door of negativity and yet i feel like its not nearly close enough
I love rock music but I enjoy draft punk too.....*feels bad man*
The person next to you has a high chance of having candy or something cool packed in there so it would be nice to have variety
Thank you !
As a kid, I was way more excited to see the [NAME] truck.
Sauerkraut is amazing, but only as a side to a main.
Congrats dude! I hope my shitstuation turns around as greatly as yours did.
Guys this team is SOOO FUN THO!!!! LIKE OMG
I had no idea this was a thing gas pumps could do. I've only ever seen ones you have to physically hold. This is mind blowing!
i feel useful again and serves as a reminder that ive come a long way since the first days of vertigo
i feel the more im convinced that i dont want to let this go
I would be unfulfilled and unhappy. I enjoy meat, thankfully I own my own plot of land and can hunt on it at will.
Yeah, that’s what I meant. My bad.
Good demo
At least we've always got other people here who understand.
12 is ambitious!! I’ll do this with you, but my goal would be 4
This makes me so happy, having a step parent can be a sensitive thing but you are definitely a good example of what to do, congrats!
i do believe looking good feeling food being more productive and professional making more money
i feel an eager anticipation
By [NAME]! That’s [NAME] music!
I was really hoping Vikings would get a bear mask but this also looks sick! RIP all my steel
i feel resolved some nights i accidentally break down and cry
Congratulations on your sobriety! A years worth of sobriety might be why the rum is gone 😉 I appreciate the suggestion.
i leave the sooner ill feel better
Man, she took it pretty well. I’d be screaming my damn head off.
i am known for letting things go when im not feeling good
i feel ecstatic and happy and now anxious
Thank you 🙂
donate! it feels sooo amazing :)
No....no its not. Anyways thanks for being honest. I needed to hear it from someone else.
i know this makes me a bitch and a half but i cannot help but feel a little triumphant when i see an old nemesis come into my workplace pregnant kid in tow fat husband waiting in the pickup truck rushed and clearly unhappy
i feel like nothing i do will be successful against him and that helpless feeling is super sucky and counterproductive
I hope marvel brings [NAME] on for star lords new love interest
Oh that's right they just came back from the vacation. This is a vacation business trip. What a fuckin' joke.
Yep, especially if the mob on reddit is any indication of the group-think that’s going on in 2019.
i feel theyre very cute and useful
Beautiful, nice work
For those wondering: that appears to be a sycamore. It's one of the biggest tree species in the eastern USA.
i get into what it actually does i feel like everyone should buy it just because it smells amazing
I appreciate your meme OP.
ok thanks I'll give it a read and try to fact check
Yes!! THANK YOU. I’m happy the point of this story was not lost among all.
Come on. Foul or not, that was a great move
I think, call before you come and limit it to an hour is reasonable if you have relatives that need to be told that.
Thanks! Sometimes you need an article in order to shake some sense into someone.
You should be proud. I hope that I'll have the will to keep myself held to such a standard when the time comes.
Yeah exactly man haha. Not just that core is bad but hc is always more fun imo
And whatever car he buys MUST have a strong Air Conditioning system. This is an absolute MUST here.
ill transfer those that i feel will be useful to next years class to the class website or specific content unit blogs or sites
Thank you for your valuable contribution to the discussion
As someone with a newborn, thank you so much! Good tip to have for sure!
self fulfilling prophecies are always quite fascinating
i feel all bouncy and yay today for it
I haven’t seen a good repost in a while. Thank OP I’m mean karma whore
I’m so happy for them. I hope he drowns in a puddle of bacon grease.
Whoa, thanks for the in depth answer!
i love working for myself being able to set my own hours and writing about something i feel so passionate about
i also did feel like i was excited to come back like i have two homes now
I'm so delighted that my boyfriend has found this community.
I like [NAME] but she fucking sucks right now for the all star game haha.
Iunno, I laughed.
Omg, maybe best plot twist. I wish that will happen
Search the subreddit for "team history." We get this question time to time and there's already a bunch of info there.
Cheers mate.
I just finished rewatching the film and let me tell you. [NAME] is a legend.
Frozen berries are fantastic. Put a few in some heavy whipping cream in a blender with a little sweetener.
But hey, at least it saves us the trouble of contacting them!
i was like that too before i really heck care about having nice feeds and post whatever photos i feel like they only comment on cool peoples photos
There was no need to crap on this guys feelings but you decided to anyway. At least you did the right thing a helped him dodge a bullet.
im not feeling so well right now so ill write some other day
I prefer the term window licker. The pub community loves the taste of windex.
persistence that is working perfectly fine...thanks to backup scripts lol
Valium/Diazepam is much much more enjoyable than Alprazolam/Xanax IMO. I love the muscle relaxation. It feels so good, combined with an opiate,
i sing i swim this feels like a pleasant passing of time song
i cant help but wonder if the other mom i walked with felt the same way i was feeling as she watched her sweet girls with my isaac
Thanks for explaining it to me! I did have an adaptor thing to connect to HDMI, I will double check tonight
I prefer to use a welding torch. I like the ozone and ultraviolet clean feeling and smells. Never have to wash the sheets either.
Well, that’s not a position many conservatives hold except for the [NAME], but I appreciate the honesty.
With the up and coming hit single "I have a new Daddy every week".
Hear, hear. I'm just lucky my career field is relatively un-fuckerized. Truer words have never been spoken.
It's the giant robot penis. Texas favorite.
No he didn't lol every ref gives that. He was looking for it but it's still a foul
Welcome to the club....
Lol he did didn't he. Sounds like a race to the bottom.. filled with cockends
You’re a good man. Stay blessed
Ah, I see. I wasn’t sure if I was supposed to make contact. Thanks for the info!
This is the first time I'm seeing this. This definitely what I would call toxic masculinity.
It is pretty funny. Our wives cannot stand when we're all together because it's all we talk about lol
Ya! It was a bangin’ movie! A super fun ride with characters I cared about.
That's interesting I can definitely relate. I ask going to ask if people are cis too but I didn't wanna confound gender with sexuality
You can do it!!!
i could feel the cool air marillac was like a giant residential freezer flow with more ease through the teeny extra hole in my right nostril
We don’t “know” but it was reported he is expected to stay on. Really glad about it
thank [NAME] it was returned
I'm hopeful for [NAME] as well!
What a great reason to have kids.
i was i might be buying stuff from there but i feel the clothes are too casual
i feel content with it all
i pray the rosary i feel a sense of calm upon me
Good bot.
i feel like the only intelligent person here right now
Just be a criminal if that's what they want. People should always be careful what they wish for.
Couldn’t find my wallet for the last 4 days. This also happens to be an awesome way to not spend any money.
i feel like each kid left school this year with at least three pieces they were really proud of
i know those feelings stem from this part of me that is not accepted mainstream more importantly in the communities to which i seek belongingness
I am real excited for this, I just hope they don’t ruin it.
i wasn t feeling very joyful at all despite being on a caribbean island with fantastic diving learning new and exciting skills as a dive master and coaching my clients in north america all of which should bring me joy
He really channeled his inner [NAME] for this goal
Thanks for the support, yeah my dad has been trying to make me feel a little better.
Aww, what a cute pair
Get the hell out! I will need to rewind this. Held her hand?? That’s scandalous.
[NAME] was pretty good too. Cuah was the best 10 tho
Thank you. I’m sorry that happened to you.
Great way to be late on 80% of your orders. I mean I didn't say it was impossible, but you put rating at risk
> I think [NAME] is the best QB Prospect since Luck 😐
As someone who has lived his entire life in the tropics, I can't even begin to imagine what those kinds of temperatures are like.
By [NAME]! By [NAME]! It's the grand Champion!
Ya well if I have a daughter I hope my husband doesn’t have these excessively weirdo and aberrant aspirations for her. Smh
Ah yes, taxes=Nazism. You [NAME] sure are a funny bunch.
Great job thanks!
The papers listed at might be of help.
Are ya completely sure that's not from that Thursday last summer?
i am thinking about md who was there for me through my teen years offering guidance and support and making me feel special making me feel like i matter
Now if only America would do this
Amazing, I would also be deeply in love. So happy for you Hun. Enjoy every bit💕💕
i spent hours in my aunt and uncles bed room with my cousin my back against the wall under the window feeling completely ecstatic and my cousin was next to me just smirking because she knew he had to be different from my other friends
What a sweet “welcome to your new home!”
Crazy stuff! Gets 80% to shatter before taking any damage. That positioning is on point!
i feel so excited cause that means i get to skip classes
True, we take pink and black pills daily, even some stacies are conscious of world around them being a grim place.
Yes of course and I catch a lot of it. I just didn’t realize this was about that!
The angle makes it look like he's 15 feet tall, but otherwise, very good.
i feel any artist that puts forth a piece of work even ones i do not agree with should be respected even if it s just for the sake of them overcoming the shackles of our society s norms
Damn! A 4-pack! That’s awesome.
i chose not to use weaving in this piece i feel like it goes well within the collection of my other pieces that i have made this semester because of its similar shapes and materials
Thanks for the insight. I guess I’m coming off a bit ignorant and maybe naive.
i received a wt txl and sage that i bought for what i feel is a terrific price from one of the esteemed members at the ultralight fly fishing forum
Yeah...itd make people's lives easier if I was dead but didn't work out so here we are
Don't worry, you'll find love, I promise! I hope you love yourself as well. <3
And he’s been with same org with his former teammates before Vegas. That and highly doubt [NAME] would drop a loyal player.
Great work hentaipoon!
i feel are flawless while they slowly declined in quality after that
We're in it... and now [NAME] is going to the bench? Gotta good feeling!
You are valued and appreciated
It’s called concern trolling. Don’t be so gullible and quick to politicize everything.
You are a true hero
Oh I was unaware of this! Thank you!
Dude! Coyotes are no joke. Good job, [NAME].
podcasts also can help a lot to distract yourself (･ω<)☆
Interesting article, terrible author. Plagued with grammatical errors.
i feel privileged and honored to be able to represent my college in such a prestigious event
oh ok, i'll pass that on to him thanks :)
Well at least you are honest.However unless you are an imperialist i too see no reason whatsoever to occupy Afrin,not much to gain only problems.
i am blank completely i am just feeling every emotion as precious would feel it and how she should feel it
Those are some interesting stats. I’m gonna save your answer so I can remember them for later discussions. Thanks for that.
i do this week someone else does the other weeks soo yea that made me feel talented
Real nice, swearing up a storm right in front of your kids.
... with my stepmom. Haha. Erm.
You're allowed to me a little mean here, no one will tell lol
Thank you for the archived link, I have a NYT paywall .
Wow! Dude has aged well. Maybe I need some of that snek oil!
Great point.
Wow he wants people to donate so he can make a large profit off his atm? Lmao Good gig if you can get it I guess...
Welcome to my world. fml
you don’t appreciate the good times till you go through the bad.. things will get better OP, stay strong
That would be a hoot wouldn't it? Thank you!!
That’s my favorite way to introduce myself tbh
thanks for the correction.
Mother knows best.
i was part of the family and have a feeling of being accepted
Gotta love the mermaid gems.
Well I hope it works out lol. We really need help in that department
Thanks for pointing them out, it's hard to see through my tears 😢
Nice to see a rare court case involving a meta-human.
i just have a weird feeling that there was nothing innocent about what they were script type text javascript src http partner
i still feel like its a terrific pistol at a fantastic price
>Ruthless Lol, only in these people's minds, she's fine.
E - Either we turn it around and make the playoffs or tank and [NAME] gets fired so win win right?
Racial attacks went up after [NAME] was elected.
These posts must make people want to be security guards.
Lmfao. Omg I’m dead. Please do more of these somehow
Thanks love you
Your brother is in a freak cult that ruins lives. Forgive him but don’t listen to that bs.
i feel like i have way to many questions and things going on that are un resolved
Kids in Africa could have eaten those cigarettes.. :( Kidding. Good for you man. Congrats!
The straw manning in this sub is ludicrous.
Hell yeah. I'm really just thinking about the irony and double standard of the Left. It's amazing that these people are that cognitive dissonant.
I love this!! And it’s so true
I'm not looking for pity or sorrow. Thanks for your input.
A 70’s Pontiac bonneville , it was a huge boat.
You are welcome, I have faced lot of sibling related issues. Hope things work out well for you.
VR Mechwarrior would be awesome
i feel like i was convinced to spend the night alone it was not my choice i was wrongfully lead astray
It's become extraordinary, quite.
Hopefully the Chouteau Greenway ends up narrowing Market street back to its original width.
i just got really crunk about a situation and now i feel like i have to write to calm down lol
i feel gracious for the opportunity to make a difference
i feel truly successful that brooklyn has been able to latch on and has had no problem going from breast to bottle and back again without skipping a beat
Interesting, I’ve never seen a barcode on any of my clothes that I can recall. I don’t buy clothes often though.
What a good pupper!
haha thanks, let me know how it goes when you use it.
Okay, you accidentally injured someone. Good luck in court buddy
i feel accepted and loved and a place where i belong
i chose to go with my gut feeling i think this only amused laetshi further if i d been the easily flustered type he d have probably said something
Thank you. Well said.
I was inspired by your post to grab a thing of Greek yogurt with pineapple I've got in the fridge. Hell yeah.
Wow so brave!
It's like muricans don't want to protect their own jobs and are happy to become low-wage dump and burn workers for the owning class.
I simply would not need a backseat driver to tell me what to do.
Thank you. I will try to learn fron these. So far i only have read "models" and some advices on net.
The ending was awesome
Lemon cookies are the best
Thanks for laugh, I needed that.
Lol too funny
You’re right, this is absolutely terrible
i am feeling a little adventurous so i will try to see if we can spook our pretty lady
i actually feel the most content
i think the reason the discussions feel so lively is that since it is a night course the class is very diverse and large and a bunch of the students are on the older side
I liked the Japandroids for that one year
I love how at one point you're following behind her hair watching her dodge a spear
i am not in general feeling particularly virtuous this month
If someone starts that, I’ll join in. Their mods help perpetuate it all.
ive been experimenting with lemony cakes and after several tests i feel i must share with you the recipe for this lemon and vanilla buttermilk cake because it is utterly delicious
May i have joke I can't find it
im feeling inspired by all the summery elements of my favorite past time beach bummin
I agree with this coked-up fiend.
im feeling awfully proud of myself for sticking to it
That was brilliant 😂
Go for it. I could use the excitement.
People like you are why I follow this sub. Keep it up I need more laughs like that!
Where are my testicles, [NAME]? Edit: thanks for the silver!
Wallah Lmao It's "voila"
Wow crazy. Proud of her
i think it makes me feel like the heir to an incredibly rich and diverse legacy of stories and experiences
[NAME] saying she works all year. Most people work all year that’s normal!!!
i feel fine e terminando com eight days a week um ano depois
Good idea, but unfortunately not running on the weekend.
[NAME]. Can't believe she went to Parliament nine-months pregnant just to vote on the thing. That's dedication.
Though I encourage! For an opportunity to play a game of such grand anticipation as this, is a sweet fortune.
Thank you noodle, very cool!
Lol, good luck with that, kid.
That's all I'm asking for :( thank you for expressing that it is a possibility, and for making me realize it should have happened...
i feel like its vital to keep this someday list active
Ate too much “hot chips”
Lol not your picture mate
interesting theory. I'll try to keep this in mind more. ♥
I can easily relate to that as well. The siblings are the ones who will stick with us for the whole journey to the very end.
i want my kids to learn from me it is that i feel deeply that we are all called to something and that something is your precious gift to be embraced loved and cherished
I'm sorry that I pay for music now to support these small artists. I know I'm a monster but I will try to be better.
Im so hype for this game, ive been waiting for this for awhile
So it's okay when [NAME] does it. But when I do it. I'm being weird. I see. Got it.
Happy cake day friend
Thanks bud, hope it’s a great one!
i still feel innocent and small
is a really nice resource i found while trying to find out how to write my first non-new grad resume. Hope it helps!
He's only making like 3M more than [NAME] this year wow
What a great terrible movie. Always worth a watch. Boondock Saints for those who dont know.
Thanks! Having a look.
Y’all need one of those world famous mascots. Your top at producing those.
Thank you 🙏
its here! nice
Thank you for your response!
I used to enjoy it and grew out of it.
i am breathing well and feeling quite lively and upbeat
i feel so appreciative of the rights that i have and that i have so much freedom and that i exercise those freedoms every day and that i have a voice
thanks, religious conservatism, for making lack of education chic.
The numbers against EEA will go up once people realise it amounts to fuck all but still costs a fortune.
i once told my friends that i feel like doing some sort of backpacking but instead of supporting me with this idea all i got from them were raised eye brows and some sarcastic remarks
Poor baby :( I hope the snake is doing ok
That's great, keep fighting the good fight!
Thanks! I’m Excited To See How This Meme Become In The Future!
> While less than 1% of DV accusations end up being unsubstantiated I find that incredible.
Thank you!! I really enjoyed the first song and the song by The Avalanches. Both were very melodious and charming.
No, thankfully.
i appreciate the mix of modern hard rock and classic heavy metal on faithsedge s new album the answer of insanity i also feel the album lack of strong melodies
i was feeling quite mellow and i wanted a soft easy look to wear with my beginning of a cold
im feeling dangerously truthful
I really wish I could do that. The furniture is all made from my grandfather so I don't want to get rid of it. :(
I guess electronic was not in the top 20. The legendary [NAME] with his 2 excellent performances got the #5
i think about how u could make me feel and realize that everything will be ok
i knew i wanted to somehow include the idea of natural healing and holistic living but the site is also about feeling radiant vibrant and enthusiastic about life at any age
And now, I would imagine it's impossible to own a Maserati without people constantly asking you if it goes 185.
i gave my honest opinion revis told reporters in the jets locker room adding i feel that people let him slide when he says smart remarks on certain things
>Working in MD AND DC? Would this be illegal? I will do that, thanks!
So, so good
Cute. I hope it makes you feel empowered.
This brings a smile to my face
I like long hair but it's never been a huge consideration in love.
>"tanned" Thank you BBC, very cool!
When I see [NAME] venerate icons it makes you wonder if they have OCD. /s The joke is that [NAME] cross themselves more than others in my experience.
i wasnt feeling casual much
Yeah, I mean we’re all just in their wake over here. I’m humbled.
Happy new years!!!!
happy cake day
And yes I also thought [NAME] was someone else too!
i feel a craving i get excited and sometimes it feels like it s the only thing that can make me feel better
Should be best right now. Speculating on what might happen in the future is pretty pointless.
I'm very motivated to make things as easy/optimized as possible so that I can be as lazy as possible.
*Succession* was fantastic. *Barry* too
Ugh, me too.
i feel taller leaner and more graceful
lol getting totes fucked up at work is super cool i am one ZANY individual look out Shut the fuck up do it in your own time
i feel in a total partnership with him and that is precious
ASK HER OUT FOR COFFEE OR SOMETHING ALREADY! And while i wish things go well for you with her, next time dont wait for so many signals.
Nize it lol. Everyone on this subreddit sounds like they’re 50+
Despite what you may feel about me, I’m happy you got that off your chest, I hope you feel better!
How much time you got? I enjoy *The Spirit of Redemption* but it's a bit long.
That would be fantastic!!
You'll be okay. Just remember that none of that was real, and that nobody knows. Been there so many times. Hang in there.
right and hope you don't realize until too late that you're way better than me
My bad! It looked so real XD thanks for the heads up
Thank you very much that was quite swell of u sire
If it’s a one hit kill like the regular crossbow, absolutely would be a fantastic crate weapon.
i give off a different feel im carefree
im feeling productive and brave
i still feel it does the genre a disservice when stories are resolved artifically
i just sit in the rv dinette in the driveway look out the big back window and feel amazing
i do not feel glamourous
I love them, it's so fun to jump around everywhere
This actually made me laugh out loud
Oh she'll most probably die in that route for sure. I just hope she doesn't get a lame death, that's all
Thanks for an interesting thread. How many of the [NAME] in Malaysia would you characterize as [NAME] or supporting political [RELIGION]?
You progressively lose more of your money!
Thanks!!!
im thankful to work in a place where i can feel comfortable and supported
/r/nbastreams is now posting home/away on their feeds, super easy to use.
Wow.....
Thank you, see was that so hard
You can do it girl! I believe in you! :)
That feeling when you hire a really horny electrical engineer to make a comic...
What type of migraine do you think it is? Hope you get better soon
Take an upvote for Seinfeld 👍🏻
Yep, they’re women’s shoes!!
It's simple, he's blunt, and that is what some people need.
i feel like having read ulysses is a club of really smart and fun people and i want to join that club
i am ready to cry because i feel such a sweet presence of the ruach hakodesh the holy spirit in my room with me right now
I would like to suggest one that's like Would You Rather. More of a dark comedy but oh so good. Cheap Thrills is amazing
I hope someone got fired for that blunder.
That sounds fun. I think I can make it. I have tickets already. I’m excited to see [NAME] play as well.
CNN has video of the arrest. Someone needs to put the cops theme over it.
i don t think that woman ever feels generous because she is too busy dying of love
You did not say you thought you did you said "they both blocked me" and then went back and edited your comment. LOL.
Gl hf team we can do this! :[NAME]: Whole team leaves
Not sure I understand, the legion is in a pretty good place right now in terms of their power
i don t feel like i m a valuable person
I was in the hospital two years ago and definitely had His help! My family saw some signs. It was very amazing.
What a joke
Ahhhhhh [NAME] had to finish that. But beautiful pass from [NAME]
Phoenix and Orlando are teams I hear sniffing around [NAME] in free agency. Both make sense.
i slept and woke up feeling much better as if i had come out of a foggy haze the headache had subsided and the shakiness was gone
That’s one of my favorite movies pans labyrinth.
This one sentence of humor has overridden all of the trolls thoughts today. Thanks for the chuckle.
So long, and thanks for all the fish.
i used to write poem and story related to my depressing days and trying my best to make it arty cause i find it comforting to just write all my feelings out while being creative
i had to change after several months due to the fact that i didnt feel my daughter was being helped or my daughter convinced me how rotten the therapists were
Yay!!! Finally the fix we're all looking for after hours of endless scrolling.
i understand that any of my extremely positive attributes and there are some are overshadowed by my weakness and subconsciously some people are wired up to feel superior to others and thereby treat them differently
Second this. You can cycle along Maribyrnong river for most of it which is pretty relaxing. Fast and healthy too.
At least she had a great experience
You’re right. Pressing f.
