I like both.
i feel a lot of shame in not having many romantic relationships in the past
i feel like supporting local and indie businesses is extra important for me since i run one myself
Yep, sure is. Have things gotten better for you, though?
You’re not alone OP. Stay strong. It’s rough now but everything will be back to normal soon.
My 2 year old loves Word Party. Story Bots is another good Netflix option.
I Like [NAME]
I'm with you. Let's this together.
No biggie, dude, sorry I got all triggered, I just reeeally love [NAME]
i dont know how i feel about my beloved teams draft
Sorry bucko r/necrophilia got taken down, I think your in the wrong place buddy. Here I’ll call you an Uber, take care of yourself.
I love [NAME] :)
Stay strong! Get well soon!
That was my favorite character... :’(
I wish I had seen this as a teenager :(
Wow man, that is DEAD. You have no marriage, just a roommate. Life is short, get out and find someone who meets your needs.
So very sweet! Brotherly love
100% feel for you. I may be exaggerating slightly but still it’s all these little disadvantages that we get put at because of this ping.
Wear you're ear pro kids. Styro plugs are cheap, and don't ruin the concert experience.... but it will save your ears.
If it's not too late, I'd love to have one of the binders!
i feel loving me no one but i will be fighting for anyone
Dude, I'll be your friend any time. Especially if you got Steam/discord. I will link u to our friend group's server.
It's not your fault....
[NAME]. I just want you to have a great stat day.
WE LIKE SPORTZ AND WE DON’T CARE WHO KNOWS
Eat better.
I want a Doritos crown, too!
Get some colloidal silver and put that in your eye so it doesn’t get infected!!!
because it's a morning ritual and i like the smell and taste
Now i need an island visit and a nice beef dip from the Crown and Gate!
I <3 you!
I am also a doctor and his legs are in fact discolored. But seriously dude go to the doctor.
i feel in love with the weight watchers program and was faithful to count my points
Can't let it get to you. You tried, got rejected, so move on.. Believe me I know it's discouraging but everyone gets rejected.
just give me platinum and go to sleep ♥️
i need to really appreciate not wearing a coat and feeling the hot sun and going to the pool and eating ice cream
Yes, listening to loud noises can damage your ears. Temporarily and permanently.
i now don t want to feel slutty
Ah I love when I’m looking at a random thread and find you in the comments. Hey [NAME]!
i just think about all the day i chatted with my mom amp also feeling horny and masturbate myself
I love you, 125.
Is that you? I love it.
This song was my jam in 2018. [NAME] bless you.
I honestly have no clue but I’d also love to have one of those
i took away all the disappointed feeling all the paining i gave my heart to be heal by lord because he s the only one love who never betrayed never lose loyalty even i didn t loyal to him
I wish they would put dfs in for [NAME] right now
Just ask him what he’s looking for. It might be awkward but honesty is the best policy. Good luck!
General malaise is a favourite. I get a lot of general malaise.
Good for him, most guys are like [NAME] and would take her back in an instant.
i just feeling particularly nostalgic that day
You've been muted. Usually awarded for extreme toxicity, don't worry though its temporary.
Would love to see her back but not a chance in hell until the series finale, if that.
I love that logic "I don't like it so it must not exist."
Totally understand and love this.
While it is unfortunate to hear that he is no longer interested, I hope that this brought some level of closure to you.
That's why everyone loves you, you're a joke club.
i am good at something that i feel passionate about and all of the other students that graduate this year are in the same boat what happens after
This is so scary. Keep safe! I would put fencing up and become a licensed carrier at that point. Sounds like crazy druggies!
Absolutely love this song, up there as one of my favorite fav frank songs
i didn t think the writing really expressed the intensity of emotion one would feel at losing a beloved spouse
Well, don't kill spiders. That's what you get. Be nice and take them outside. It's not that hard.
True but he prob loves football more and def enjoys playing football over baseball
Would it be great if they instead swap around old-rich-guys blood
I'm not trying to intimidate you, just saying that what you are doing is wrong and illegal, and you should stop doing it.
No telling I know is not eat it, I like eggs and I like cottage cheese but yuck no they can’t touch!
im feeling that i will never being disturb by the naughty student at the school anymore
Glad to help!
i feel like death think feeling like death will make me a more compassionate psychologist
I love this sort of thing, reminds me of when my dad took me to the SW special edition when I was a little kid.
That's right, always be extra careful around the corner.
Good luck!!! 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
I really wish the conversation surrounding masculinity had just an ounce of empathy for men, rather than just the pretense of empathy for men
i wanted to feel like i could depend on you and put in ur care and dare i say tender hands some of the things i hold dear u like a winter never seen in these lands became so cold
I scored 9 points... I totally love it that everybody is sweating ;D
Peace be with you
i feel that because of our own love of reading and writing that we are more compassionate and understanding about the struggles that both new and established writers go through
[NAME]. I love how this question soundly crushes that entire paragraph, and the only response is a downvote.
I love that sometimes I don’t know what he says but like I vibe wit it instead
Please, please, please get help.
im writing again but feel like discarding it because of lack of supporting ideas
Okay but beware of top experts. You know what you need and what's right.
i am looking forward to getting baptized maybe but not until i feel devoted and broken in front of the lord
I like how the last picture is of [NAME] beaming smile and not even so much about the tattoo at all.
I love how well 90dayF references easily relate to LAL. I hope you're able yo watch it.
We'll try this... I love you man. Whoever you are I know you're good. Most of us are.
Ambien you are my new favortist person ever!
Love this!! This is so lovely! Wish I had friends like this! Great drawing as well!!
Sadly, the military is archaic about non-conforming relationships. :/ I wish more of these decals existed.
Sorry to link it here but would love to get some opinions on this post
Sweet! This just keeps getting better. Have a good one
[NAME] damn what a comeback. I love this teams fight.
i feel a gentle amusement
I would say you’ll be fine just drink water and maybe run/sweat a few times before your drug test!
i can tell myself that i feel like i trust others and yet what i am actually feeling is loyal which can cause me to pretend that there is trust when there is none
Just be sure to take some condoms with you.
i feel liked i talked about mass effect to death in these posts but i m going to have to again i m afraid
It's the giant robot penis. Texas favorite.
I love the fsct [NAME] liked this. [NAME] can suck it.
i feel i am really teaching and students get some lovely finished pieces
I must go, my people need me
Pretty dangerous for women, too. 40% of cops are domestic abusers. Stay safe.
I love you tooooo!!
I really want to know what the coordinates he gave him are
I really love [NAME]
Yes I'm trips fail like that nothing you can do about it but brush yourself off and try again tomorrow
Cool idea, I’d love one
i chose to live my life as a normal person who has feelings wants and desires i have talked up for myself been faithful to myself and i have been determined to be treated with dignity and respect
I'd be ok if they didn't have a HoF. But they do so I want the deserving players from the team I root for represented
Was a great interview! Loved the segment on them asking about [NAME] and if he actually had to go to class haha.
Keep falling for the kind that aren't even interested in relationships. 🤦🏻‍♀️
Oh [NAME] i forgot about those. I used to love them.
Hey now. Kirkcaldy is a lovely place to see in my rear view mirror.
This has been my dream for years!!!
You’ve got a lot to learn about this town, sweetie.
Even while [NAME] in a America are discriminated against, they still have such warm hearts. [NAME] Bless them (my [NAME], and theirs)
The way i eat fried rice that may be practical for me. Love me some fried rice.
Don't be afraid to go through therapy.
I love this woman.
I love posts like this because they make me feel so much better about being vegan.
Loved him in Gavin and Stacey! Thanks for the recommendation
Right?!!! But I have learned to love the bitter taste of alp 🤢😭
Throw it all on the mortgage. Don't spend it on garbage you think you need.
i did not enjoy the feeling of the naughty kid who knew better
Just go try and by one piece fan after got end!
I love the thumbnail dude, but I’m already Soldier
Grammar jokes be* my favourite
Don't worry - there's only one barely known movie to his credit. Pretty easy to avoid.
Then he is still able to achieve salvation in [NAME] grace. I will pray for him, and for all your lost souls. [NAME] bless.
I know and I really genuinely wish there was something I could do or say to help you take this pain away and to help you feel better.
I don't know what you are about, but I love your enthusiasm.
i used to share my feeling and thought all to my lovely roomates shermin and joey
“I genuinely don’t want to lose you I love having you there for me” says it all really
i make new friends in the process i dont feel too slutty lol
If those are your main issues with IL you are gonna love TX. I hope that doesnt come across as sarcastic.
i have eternal hope he says and when they arrive on the bridge she finds she likes the feel of the fond smile on her face too much to hide it
I love pasta and sushi more than anything! :)
I really love playing him and going against him. Legion is overall my favorite killer. I respect everyone hating him although I dont understand why.
Hope you will beat this crap and achieve your full potential man. Best of luck for you :)
Man. I wanna be there to see his face! It’d be great. 🤣
Hope the horses are ok
i feel like some of you have pains and you cannot imagine becoming passionate about the group or the idea that is causing pain
You okay?
i called animesh told him my feelings he was very supportive
I wish the double down would leave *me* out of this! My poor stomach. Once was enough.
Ah this is awesome! I would love even just a couple of these.
im sure there are a few guys who want some naughty pictures and a feeling of caring and they realize if they shell out some bucks for it then they can get it
I have nothing to offer you but my love.
i do feel rather nostalgic for the days gone by which will never return
horse meat is fucking peng i love it. why is it ok for a cow to be slaughtered for food but not a horse? ridiculous double standards
The Watchmen just moved from Amazon to Netflix. Every time I watch that movie I like it way more. Hope I contributed here.
is that you feel it more than hear it and the vibrations are so gentle that it doesnt bother me
I wish ours was like that.
Would love it if [NAME] showed up as church lady and played a solo on it.
I only meant it in kindness, I’ve loved this country so far. You’re all so damned friendly here
I love that smile of his!!!!
This is powerful. I appreciated it so much. I hope to end up as free and as confident as you
I like this
This kid is one of the best passive aggressive insults ever. I love it.
i feel the need to pimp this since raini my beloved rocky casting director loves it so much
I’m impressed.
i actually like adore (maybe I’m uneducated oof) what has she done?
Yes, dude! I'd love to see it finished.
I wish [NAME] son was older so it be possible he did this.
not to worry, I'm on the case.
I will pray for you. [NAME] bless
Not gonna lie, I LOVE pneumatic tubes. This is now my next vacation plan.
Eh happiness is just a fleeting fish in an ocean of emotion. You can catch it a few times but dont expect to live off it.
Feel you pain. Stay strong
Guys a complete troll who has no idea about cancer or the physical pain it can cause. Move on and don’t give the cunt the satisfaction.
Trouser maidens 😂 omg I love it.
I wish that too 😢
loved this one as a kid
I like that!
i would have been happy to have had a nap but since we were already here steve and i then wandered around the botanical gardens getting a feel tor where i could go to get some lovely shoots for families
Really? I’m not so sure, because I really do like her a lot.
I would love it as long as the art style was mature and well done
Yeah i checked her teeth out and they are okay. I was worried about that as well
i was flattered and i liked the feeling of being liked and possibly loved
i feel extremely blessed and lucky that my company believes in me enough to let cut my hours down and that am so thankful to all of you my readers for reading what i have to say on here
I wish I could’ve had that kind of relationship with my mother.
I want to go back in time and hug you as a child (after you got the lice treated tho).
No no I’m repeating it because I absolutely love the descriptor! It made me crack up.
im feeling less generous i call her psychotic
Mom-emotions are always heartwarming and honest but dad-emotions make me tear up. Fuck
Can’t believe no one said [NAME] when she slept with [NAME]!!! I love [NAME] and I felt personally betrayed. Wish they never reunited.
i feel like kind of a traitor putting this on my naughty list but they disappointed me
If we were in the same city we could've hung out. Happy new year to you. You're not alone in being alone.
i feel like im having something really naughty like dessert for breakfast
i asked this person how she was approaching this issue the answer was oh i m being very specific i m saying even though i don t feel loved i deeply and completely accept myself
i feel so blessed and honoured to be sharing my knowledge on my two absolute favourite topics in this life
One of my favorite shows of all time.
Support the Sydney ~~Blues~~ Sixers. Loved that gaff last night.
i took a day off which is so unusual for me i almost feel naughty
I can't be the only one who's on this sub because I love it instead of being afraid
I have a cold too 😿. Hope you feel better!
Hahaha aww Noo I love Belfast! One of my favourite cities hands down
im feeling a craving for a naughty sweet snack this is what i choose
i feel about hot moms
I take Yaz to treat PMDD and it has minimal side effects for me: no acne, no weight gain, no babies. I hope this helps!
I love [NAME]
i feel that language is nothing at all cheer up remain my faithful only darling my everything as i for you the rest is up to the gods what must be for us and what is in store for us
This is why I love Reddit.
Thanks for posting OP, much love to the [NAME] out there.
Gone but not forgotten. You will be missed, you will be forever loved.
i sometimes feel all nostalgic and feel the need to go back and look at some of my old blog posts and all i can say is that without knowing it they record and hold so many memories
Don't worry, I'm sure you'll find a way and a time that works for you, you deserve to be yourself!
Omg like if you read this in 2019😂
I wish I hada dog who is as good of a boy as him
I love this sub. Always 5% toxic, 95% thought out properly
I have that one! I like it a lot. Despite the name 😂
I'm sorry, but this has also caught my attention and I kinda want to see this screenplay.
Your mental health. You might think its fine, but having to live a double / fake lifestyle is wearing on the best of us .
Umm, zoom out. The ICO was $0.30. I only put 0.5 BTC into it then though. Wish I did more.
Seek help.
This one is my favorite.
i feel that i need to be more generous with my offerings to them especially in hunting and fishing
We might just sleep on an air mattress while we wait 😂 awe that’s so sweet of you!! We love our bunnies and veggies haha
I need a woman like this in my life
i wouldn't call that passive aggressive at this point, it's flat out aggressive and i love it.
i am still feeling passionate progressive and motivated but i am no longer trying to do everything and anything that i have never done before
Hi, this is [NAME] from Hairspray the movie...I care!
My sister did Blue Apron and loved it.
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
i feel more of a sense of longing than of loss
i am enjoying the month old puppy piddi and feeling the gentle breeze that floats through the cool inner chambers of the house
id feel very sympathetic but then again its not like what the current situation seems
i went on a bit of an auster binge after that and i remember feeling particularly fond of mr vertigo which is about a boy who learns to fly
That's true, and I love pitbulls, but a poorly-trained Chihuahua isn't going to rip your face off, nor are they naturally disposed to aggression.
Don’t be silly. Fiat on/off ramps will always be centralized.
The only excuse for folding there pre is timing out. Ever. (I really hope that's what happened)
Also [NAME] just tweeted about voting for [NAME] as well, they truly do love him
Do you need a safe space? Maybe a cold drink? Being easily offended doesn’t make you right.
i feel like we barely know each other and time just isnt being generous with our love
at sunset i want to bang my wife there on the rock
Love how she actually cross referenced the picture with the POTUS.
[NAME] my favorite character 🤣
i know it seems very sudden to everyone but i am not sure how much i can communicate just how comfortable i feel with him how similarly we look at the world and how supportive and loving he has been towards me
i think people born in the s and s hold the key to opening many doors for us we just need to make them feel treasured enough to share it
I love to watch [NAME] play tbh
If you ever need to talk to some one and just vent to just DM me.
Personally, I think WebOS was the best until HP beat it to death. I loved my Palm Pre.
i feel longing in myself or see it in others it rises up as a need that will never be quenched a desire never to be extinguished
Sob then! Be with the emotions and let them out until they pass. I always feel better afterwards.
Love the view. I would love to drink rum with a view like that. Have fun!
im not feeling hot and bothered but i let him hold onto my body as if hes ready to dine ive told you that i would find no better lover when hes kissing my lips its yours i think of i need to imagine you in order to get off
i have to say it is making me feel very tender inside like a wound that has scabbed over on the surface but is still raw and unhealed underneath
I love this one too "I like to be spoiled and will spoil my man as well" Men translate this into "Pay me for sex"
No worries. Apparently he still loves Toronto.
i just feel that as my reader and loyal subscriber you need to be informed about how great butterfly marketing really is and not be taken for a ride so i can bank some chunky commissions
i will definitely be passing on my thanks to these wonderfully gifted people but words alone are difficult to express their awesomness and the feeling of safety when they are caring for us
New year home boy. You can still change. If not, 2020 is your time to shine boiii
i don t even feel particularly loyal to shell
You win some you lose some. Still love my mavs.
i feel like im falling out of love with him in a way and not in a romantic sense
Obviously not real but damn i wish it was.
i just feel more and more like not caring about what people think of me as long as im happy with myself i love you and your personality and everything
i simply cannot imagine me feeling cleaning caring for a baby
i feel a little loyal toward her because her father used to work with mine until they both retired
Really wish we had got something like this!
Hell yeah! Don't let all the jokes get to you. You be happy being you!
You need HELP!
i feel like my printing classes at quiltcon particularly the one with lizzy brought me back to something that i felt so passionate about years ago but had pushed aside thinking i needed to pursue a more practical life
i feel nostalgic for old books which i often reread
i feel loved by family and smiled at by friends
True i hate going to parties or concerts but love going to a bar or a houseparty.
i wish i wasn’t a failure of a person.
i basically wrote this for my future self i m feeling generous and think like i should just give the guy a break and list all the queries
Oh dear.
Your wife is very lucky to have you. I hope my WS feels like this one day. I pray for it every night.
I use Lifesum too. I like the look of it more and I haven’t had any issues with it not working.
Haha I'd like it if our parallel lines intersect *heavy breathing*
I like this one, it's not a "when you" meme.
i feel the energetics of the cinnamon tree is supportive for you as you on this journey of self awareness
I miss wally he was so likeable
[NAME] bless you. Yeah I said [NAME] because we live in America,the land of [NAME]
I’m now a [NAME] fan! Hope he does well, gl my Canadian brother ❤️
do your own homework
Here for [NAME], love this.
If you feel it's harassment, you have the ability to report the post for harassment.
I want this poster so bad.
It looks fun as hell too, from what I can tell. I’d love to give it a whirl
At least your stepdad didn't just take the pillow look at you and leave...
[NAME] is my favorite qb prospect and I've been watching football for 11 years
I have been doing that. The disc-to-digital thing is pretty sweet.
:o thats pretty good. Not what envision my boy [NAME] but I like this alot.
He loved [NAME] "old man in a park" painting!
Get a handkerchief, ridiculously helpful.
I love this and him. What a good dude.
i feel kerry didnt do by supporting civil unions and gay equality
I loooooove Tiff!!!
Good always love him
Chipotleee! [NAME] Damitt! Closes in 39 Seconds.. but we made it!! Loved this guy!!
When you go get your things, if you can bring a friend. Wishing you all the best.
Nope I'm good to go! My goal this year is to drop a packet for warrant officer.
This South Florida girl loves Jaxons Ice Cream. Seeing the kitchen sink makes me want to drive home.
i feel that a lot of my life i live in a delicate balance of clean and utter mess
They aren't horrible in the least bit. Just learn from your mistake, remember, and move on. That's all you can do.
I know how it feels being in the hospital alone, I hope you get well soon
In my favourite clubs pretty much always. The people there are lovely. In any other club very rarely.
Oh man, I saw a White Forest Cake the other day and DEAR LORD I almost drooled.
Thanks for the detailed reply friend, much appreciated. I’m a history buff and love learning about these things.
i found it hard to feel for any of the supporting cast who eventually became late night snacks for the vampires
I never had a problem with the old parachuting mechanic, but I like the new one and I think it might actually be better.
I like this a lot
[NAME] after he declares he loves playing Fortnite, wants to play with his brother no matter what and loves Vancouver.
i cant feel them loving me back
We need more vowelled insults so you can spell an Acronym with them
i like the poster
i just really want this healthy life style to become a habit instead of a necessity because at the moment i feel like a naughty child being denied the biscuit tin and angry for letting myself put weight on in the first place
ive been judged and looked down on more times that i can count for being too many shades of grey having too many feelings and being too gentle in a world that will walk all over you given the chance
If you find it I'm definitely sending it to my sibling. There's a special love for the weird in my family
I love HBK, but he never pulled these crazy spots off.
I love Fate too. I hope you have a great life and that everything goes the way you want it to.
Love how thorough this answer is. I think it shows you know yourself well!
there is a difference between being a good villain and being insufferable. He has passed that line a few too many times for my liking
i was feeling rather horny though img src http s
❤️ you are a strong individual and there is an amazing amount of support behind you
ive lived my life trying so hard to be accepted and to feel loved
i feel like they have been more than generous and completely understand that things change i mean days off unpaid
i feel like i am so devoted to so many other things that my time is being split up weirdly
Everything he does makes me love him, including his video application for his job at Polygon which is art.
Thanks this was a cool article. The Shedd means a lot to me as it was where I went the first time I met the love of my life
i came out on the other side feeling stronger and more compassionate to others
I wish the camera showed the cops reactions and faces when it didn't work
Dogs , unconditional love
I had this one! he was a precious little angel and I loved him.
i just havent been taking much action in my life rather leaving it at status quo probably not a good idea but i feel that things exist at such a delicate balance that i am afraid if i lunge for what i want the whole thing will crumble and i will be worse off than before
I love imagining that the drugs just stay ping ponging through the air as more and more drones keep coming to join the battle.
I had a friend from Palestine who became atheist. I don’t know how many atheists in Palestine there are but I wish there were more!!
This is one of my favorite details/hidden views in the entire city.
im known to feel affectionate toward those who adore leonard cohen is what makes me like him quite a lot
With just coffee and nothing fancy I did love the Komodo blend back in the day.
Far from it. Name me one player that's ever left NY that we wanted to retain. I'll wait.
i hope someday when i am again in a position to give that i will remember how it feels and be sympathetic and sensitive to others
thanks for the thoughtful reply. but yeah I guess its mostly a pipe dream! I wish someone would post some detailed ideas and replies like this!
i don t feel like myself when i am studying probably because i am not studying anything i am passionate about
Wait, you have friends that love you? You're gonna be okay dude. I promise.
Personally my number one ST love is [NAME], [NAME] is a close second tho.
Definitely valid in my case. But let's remember our friends who have had or are currently having a rough time when it comes to family life, as well.
ummmm Wulp I personally love a feminine man. I prefer it, ‘manly men’ are gross and stupid
So what is then, the race of western peoples? You're treading in very problematic territory friend
i never got that i m too full feeling except for the couple times i ate sweet potatoes and trust me i was eating a lot
Are you really Belgian cause I love it
i feel loved and blessed thank you allah
I still want BO4 multiplayer prestige 0 Level 55 icon PepeHands
Fly out of KDVT? Love flying out there.
i feel like buy to play is the most accepted model by consumers at large
I'm glad to have made a bad time a little bit better. Stay safe!
i feel quite passionate about as communion is of tremendous importance to me personally and theologically
i feel a bit like a naughty child because i wasn t sure i d do a post today
Leave ASAP. That is all. Your life will be better for it
My favourite commentator on this game
I picked up some sea pods the other day for like $8 us online and I love them, zero leaks and great flavour!
i feel like someone is being judged harshly not accepted or asked to be something they are not
i feel that there is too much time and energy devoted to saving the whales the baby seals and the great horned owls
Kids, if you're on a dating site that advertises itself as "dating site for millionaires" you're gonna have a bad time
Don't forget the part where [NAME] doubts himself or goes off on his own and fails. Then [NAME] tells him how much she loves him and to run
i feel so horny horny
I hope Edmonton gets nuked.
I want an autographed copy of this, framed and on my wall.
The NEW & IMPROVED Doggy Slinky!!! Everyone loves a Slinky!
Please let [NAME] live 🙏🏽
lmao i love [NAME] what a legend somebody who really doesn't care what the public thinks i wish i could be like him
there's no limit when it comes to owning dogs.. more dogs = more love
Wish you the best of luck and greener pastures!
Plus she's probably going through some extreme grief, life insurance is a huge practical concern for her right now.
i remember what this feels like from a fan perspective because i lived in chicago all through the michael jordan chicago bulls era and i still have fond memories of those days but today belongs to the celtics and i tip my cap to them
This just oozes passive-agressiveness. I love it!
May your test be negative and your New Year's be happy!
i feel a longing for the obsession
I was really expecting more Adidas when I read the headline
Loved this book
I wish Florida was a thing for me... But I'm keeping toasty with a little liquor love in Erie, PA...
I love the lady in the green jacket chasing after the second car looking back at the first car like "look what you did"
[NAME] would benefit if he could help end the broken two party system.
I want this cat
ive been feeling a bit nostalgic ever since i went through a box of my dads old pictures for a post i did for a href http mysalvagedtreasures
It's hard to start over. I wish you happiness.
im feeling it now my soul cries it aches for your laugh that sweet melodious voice it pains my dear
Do you feel better now?
I love it when "bad" picks actually have fucking amazing ganks.
Was really hoping he’d drive off with it (sigh)
Haha thank you for all of this! I’m sorry you can relate to it all, you stay safe out there!
I wish the theme was still larger than life but their outfit prompt was fetish/bdsm wear and that they all posed next to giant sex toys
Okay. I’m not a [NAME], but I love block games? Idk
i cant shake the feeling that i wouldnt have liked this book if i hadnt already felt a connection to these characters
Love this. Thanks for sharing.
Wow you’re mom is truly living by the love first motto that is [RELIGION].
Haha i love chinese food
I. Love. This. Team.
i will think of something else feel all passionate about that and then it too would stop
I want to get rough with him. Choking, tying me up, light BDSM.
Its the same AS to go to a bank and to say My kid loves money give him all of it
I absolutely love that idea. I went on an anniversary trip with a couple once and it was amazing! We had so much fun.
Dude I love working OC. You can bounce around like 4 different districts
Double doink Love it
i really like it i feel so nostalgic watching decade as i remember a lot of the hesei kamen riders
i feel like i can and have accepted that but will others
Sending you warm wishes :) <3
May [NAME] bless your efforts. I wish I could be there. De verdad soy Panameňo.
i feel like they are a second family and they all are so supportive and love little miss rylin
i feel that this community s most beloved living our lives gold or silver nest as their grass nest long time ago our house is divided now called the commercial housing
im not feeling treasured i need to remember that its hard to treasure something that has been lost
Thank you I love you
I like how this story's problem is literally the opposite of the next oldest post on this subreddit
i have to get on my bike days straight so feeling tender a day after playing rugby is good prep for that
i feel the touch of your sweet hand
love this! makes me want to go hiking at superstition this weekend.
Like the op said, [NAME] is more of a giver, so I think [NAME] would be happy as long as [NAME] would be happy
i began to feel accepted by gaia on her own terms
i feel that i really need to let her know that i am still thinking of her and caring for her intense or not why not keep calling plus there is sms and im like any relationship communication is the key to keeping it alive best wishes
I love it
I wish this had sound so I could hear the crowd roaring in the background. This is so wholesome. Look how excited he gets.
I have this shirt I love it with a burning passion
They made the same few songs over and over again. Problem is I love those songs so I'm not too bothered. Personally love them.
[NAME] learning how to finish inside. I love it
I'm sending you all the hugs ;-;
Definitely my favorite reliever after Mo. loved his attitude and competitiveness.
I really like this photo.
Hahahaha. I can picture it as if I was a fly in the walll. I love mj like [NAME]
i mean not one i feel that it is my duty to help all of our loyal readers of hb understand the world that is going on around them
i feel which usually very few people may easily subdue the longing of ones or even
i feel his love and blessings as i meet loving supportive people as im inspired to write new songs and as my life unfolds before me
Would love to see them both in the same side
I miss [NAME] wish we could trade back for him!
Salaam, these thoughts happen. It is the shaitan trying to divert you from the path. May [NAME] grant you patience and the steadfastness to protect yourself.
I brought my love a cherrrryyyyy....
I think you need a better partner. Continuing to go after you said you want to stop is kind of abusive.
i is thirteen again and so so unsure of himself and unsure of how he feels about shishido as his senpai although he s always admired him
hey uhhhh I love you
I mean I love this but I actually think the backup was better.
i thought that was the end of it but a few minutes ago i got off the couch and felt so hot and sore and soft yknow when you have a fever how your body just feels really tender
Cuddling. God damn is it comforting to just snuggle up in my girlfriend's arms and sit there for a while
love how nobody decides to run over to him and help
makes me wish friendly fire was a feature
I love this! Thanks for putting a smile on my face this morning.
I wanna see [NAME] get in [NAME] face like this
We're a community, like it or not. This came from us and we need to hold eachother to a higher standard of behavior.
You sound upset. Maybe take a break, kiddo. Everyone knows [NAME] wouldn't answer the bell anyhow. Just proved it.
Yeah I would have loved it if those things actually contributed something to the gameplay
I love spaghetti... Can I have your recipe?
Omg I love these kinds of dates. Who initiated ??
I signed up!! I hope your Mother has a wonderful birthday!!
Love anytime we can work [NAME] into a conversation.
im feeling amorous tonight never again
i feel sympathetic with mr
Shawty whats wrong with you. I want those people dead
i use it all over my face and sometimes my neck if i m feeling generous
I've wanted this for so long.
A Reddit couple! That's good to hear, hope yous stay safe :)
i can see a dramatic improvement in my skills on the dubied already and feel that with practice i could produce lovely work in the future
i feel that sweet potatoes are very under rated
im starting to dislike the feeling of not caring about whats going to happen tomorrow
[NAME] there are so,many. But my favorite are: Hold you in my arms ~ [NAME] Dont forget me ~ Way out west [NAME] ~ [NAME]
I love you ❤️
I haven't seen it but it's on my list!!
Happy day! Five years from now you will be a top ten player in the NHL.
Love the Ana's that peek snipe and get wrecked by [NAME], [NAME] or [NAME]. Good times.
Don't feel bad I am sure the otters are getting taken care care of just fine.
I wish I could upvote this a million times. What a wonderful tack to take.
Turning the Sunny Side Up into a Shitty Side in All Directions. Love it!
i was so traumatised by the pestilence that i was feeling quite delicate and couldnt cook so we had to buy expensive and unhealthy convenience foods from the supermarket in order to avoid starvation
Same! Protect yourself as much as you can. I also clean the phone and the case :D
i wish i could wear what she's wearing! * _ * Sooooo beautiful!
My wife has some crazy friends and I ducking love hearing their “slutty” stories. The things they make these thirsty guys do is unreal.
I like you
My favorite [NAME] and she was awesome as [NAME]. I also loved her playing the opposite [NAME] to [NAME] in DS9.
As you wish the hard path is a good one :)
You ok bro?
i feel like im the supportive and encouraging one when it comes to our healthy eating and fitness
[NAME] damn it I love this but it had a STRONG socialist undertone and I just can’t fw that
Maybe you should get your cataracts removed to avoid walking into tree branches.
i feel that charlie was being very generous in sharing writing credit with me as he clearly could have done the music without me
[NAME] deserves appreciation
I need the band name on his hoodie for, professional reasons!
[NAME] I wish that were me.
Shai-Hulud! Bless the maker and his water
True enough, I just hope there are more reasonable people than not.
I might be able to help. A/S/L?
I’m naming my dog Sebastian! So I can kinda relate ( lol, def not the same). Love the name though.
i know it feels like youre dying when youre working out but the sweet refreshed feeling afterwards is all worth it
I think this is my favourite story of the year so far.
Love this answer.
Dear [NAME], **DON'T FUCK THIS UP** Love, Me
I'd be more worried about the kids needing eye protection at that point.
Dude theyre in a fuckin hospital. Take them their food.
Oh recently I’ve started working out and concentrating on myself. Has helped improved my mental strength as well as physical. I feel ready for anything.
Think we need a sub dedicated to miserable reviews.
I used to when i was younger, but then i got old and started caring about conserving water.
i think its safe to say we were a learning experience for one another and i honestly have nothing but positive feelings and fond memories for you
Gotta love Texas high school football for exposing me early.
Yeah more and more I play BFV I just find myself wishing this thing or that thing was more like the old BF’s.
i had written a prayer in my journal that morning after meditating on the greatness of our lord in psalm and had written in closing may we feel your tender care today
Don't feel guilty. If you don't leave it will be continuing the cycle of abuse for your children.
Wow... That looks great! Would love to get some actual vintage jerseys like that someday. Keep my eyes on eBay. Lol
I fucking love ten min power hour xD
Love him.
I love daddy long neck and crew. You won’t be disappointed when you look it up.
i still sort of agree with that description but i ve come to think that the great thing about this song and about all concise guitar pop songs that so accurately hit home the singular feeling of romantic possibility is the way that it lets you write your own starring scene
I'm kind of glad they aren't letting you. Just you, not everyone else.
What is love
im more comfortable in a relationship because i wont feel as slutty being with one person having the same amount as i would if i were single or not
Don’t worry; I’m sure your dad will come back from the store any day now.
I love those moments where [NAME] finds a teammate opens and whips the ball at them but our guys are tuned out and don't expect it.
I like to think [NAME] is finishing the school year before coming back home.
Loved it. Can't wait to see more.
Hey, I love you! 😁
I love humans
I like picking beans with grandma.
You can do it! live the dream!
Also, note how the First Order recruits....children. That certinetly could lead to rampant abuse.
Whatever dude dong worry about it... it’ll get handled
“1, personal space. 2, I like my personal space. 3 get outa my personal space...”
I like [NAME] Colombian. Suspiciously cheap though.
Agree with everything here. Going to med school abroad will always put you at a disadvantage if you want to practice in the states
I pray that you will have strenght to fight for yourself and go NC.
[NAME] looks queasy already I like where this is going
I'm 58, my 40 year wife is 59, and my handfasted wife is 64. I'm so in love with both of them!
I love this idea
Solid r/ThisIsMyLifeNow material. I love it. They’re such gorgeous dogs!
I want to date that guy (platonic date). He’s big and could give great hugs.
Pm me I'd love to buy it from you if you have any spare!
i feel supportive over chinas copyright violations if only for machiavellian reasons
i always got the feeling that even though he admired moriartys intellect he was at the same time very scared of him and quite horrified by his evilness
i hope all knitters will rise above their hurt feelings and will show that they are loving caring people by supporting the olympians this summer
I love the title of it - “Everything Is Going to Be Okay”
it looks like she took it in a totally different direction which i’m loving
Lots Of Love
I wish this was on Betfair, I'd quite enjoy making some money from Remainers.
i feel all kinds of excitment bacuse i really enjoy art and i hope my art will generate some talk amongst the loyal and the passerby
i really like that! I'll start using it moving forward =)
I have, I've always wanted to celebrate Christmas and actually have a more closer family
i keep in the fridge and take out whenever i feel too hot spray on my face and it cools me down immediately let alone it smells like oranges
I figured, just thought I’d throw it out there. Love you :)
[NAME], I love these kinds of threads.
He sexually assaulted you. Notify the police and the staff!
I dont disagree with taking the first steps, I just wish we would be even more ambitious.
Nah I’m good. I like my parents and their food.
Honestly rams are my second NFC team. I wanted you to win it all since the beginning of the playoffs and I love the team even more now
i feel like i m giving a speech after receiving an award or something but i would like to publicly thank mark for being so supportive
I love life, happy new year boys!
i feel a hint of my beloved art nouveau era in this bracelet
Love this picture
Love live [NAME]
Being gilded makes people’s days better. I love this.
You need to talk to her openly about this... without shaming her. She’s being open and honest with you. Your turn.
If you have insurance, see of they'll cover it. My mother got her reduction completely covered due to a history of pain.
Jeez this would be such a turn off to try and help people in the future
Aaaaand now I'm concerned. Clearly there's a story behind this.
i feel loyal to the one im with now
Oooo sounds lovely. Armpit hair on “fleek”
Always worth a try. Good luck!
I should have known better, its obviously not a juul. I was just happy to see Oliver Tree tbh
You can never beat an auld apple tart and custard. They'll love you. Nice pit of tea to wash it down 🍀
>I want to believe that everyone deserves love They absolutely do! And he loves himself enough already! Too much, in fact.
Wow this made my forehead hurt it was so cringey. I love it.
Maybe delve into existentialism, read books from existentialist authors? Not that I'm a big fan of it, but maybe that could help you out.
Oooh dont call the bad guys for help when your life is at risk okay.
"every time she was in trouble I was there for her" - the man who caused most of her troubles
i feel a gentle tap on my shoulder
i feel supportive of him i also cant help but feel jealous
I had an urge today. Went straight to the gym. Problem solved. Find something to replace your urges with
i realized what i am passionate about helping women feel accepted and appreciated
I'd prefer her as an actual character
I don't get your point. I love the grind as well, that's why I tried to get dark matter and prestige master.
i want to know and feel loved long after first sight
Glad to hear it. You deserve your best life without that abuse and negativity.
ive always longed to feel the beloved tenderness from a father
i feel so fond of him i want to squeeze him tightly and not unusually
Love hearing [NAME] talk about money not gonna lie.
more like consistent*winner*, i hope you find a lasting happiness
i feel passionate about sharing it with you
Sorry, mom took it out of the oven already and I am STARVING!
Love it.
Thank you man whoever you are, this has really helped me. Best of luck to you too
i wanted to take this opportunity to express the way i feel about myself the blog and your lovely selfs of course
Treat your wife like gold. Feed her well. Rub her feet. Repeat.
The no rape was my favorite part, so glad people agree
Lovely. You enjoy that train of thought lad.
I love that
Nice man!! Wish you guys the best. Here I am FA again after a 2 1/2 year relationship ended lol so enjoy it while it lasts
Megagrindr, and I love it.
Skin starvation is a real thing. People can actually go crazy without social physical contact. Take care of yourself OP. *hugs*
Don't worry, he won't be for long
i make some of those cracks by the age old system of not sleeping and driving myself insane but i dont have the energy and i dont have that feeling because it feels like ive already devoted my life to working and hacking systems and fucking with numbers for people
i feel ive been loyal
A new apartman will give you peace of mind. Start saving up.
That’s nuts about the digging. I wish we had better dog boots that fit them more naturally than what we have.
I rly like trench coats Not not in that combination tho
I loved [NAME] so much
This is the kind of thing that makes me want to low key record every single one of my lyft/uber rides.
Good for you man. Enjoy.
Great to hear that. Go beyond, plus ultra!
i wish i could be an ex someone wanted to get back with.
Aren't they concerned about your weight now?
i feel like professors arent supportive of students who get things done and are prepared early
i liked the family feeling and the characters but i thought ryder and hope could have been more passionate
Might as well do something while you're doing nothing!
I liked the Celtics until I started following barstool.
I needed this laugh like... damn. This comment is just as good as the OP and the OP is pretty amazing. 🙌
[NAME] and [NAME], are hands down my favourite AC characters.
i feel like i should make one of these for every beach loving friend i know
I like the Call Her Daddy Girls and I don’t care who knows it
Yes he is a hard worker for sure. Just wish he could get his shot back on track.
Love taking my girl out for sush
I can't unsee it now. I wish I could, I love magic
I wish to be apart of them one day
i guess i do have to give some credit to the douche bags out there though because after all those feelings are what give birth to these lovely words i utter
remember what you're fighting for
I’m 27 and I’m still finding high schoolers who look older then me at times still. I feel your pain
I love the idea of a farm school. I'd totally do that if I could.
I would love to know the Governor'sr's response to that line!
i can feel them falling in love which is quite lovely
i would talk to drake because i knew he wouldnt judge my feelings and he would let me gush over how much i liked you
i feel that i have tons of love to give and i would love to give my loyal support to that person as well
I do like how he instantly turns to the pilot. Like, dude, turn around, I dropped my phone!
For some reason this post is making me crave an apartment.
Men, you're ought to love the first hour in hospital of a new father. They're a merge of emotions that flow over the ER.
sounds good, take care & stay safe loves💕
I let my cat lick the leftover milk out of the bowl after I eat cereal, he loves it.
Be careful with this. This is the same rationale lots of people used to hate on the Covington students.
I also love that her correction was wrong. But all the bustling millinery on The Island can do that to a person.
I've been in China for years. I love it. Great job, apartment and love my city. I've never had a single problem
It's very common. Same with punching and it not hurting someone in your dreams. Practice more.
I’d love to flatten [NAME] emotions.
Lol!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love it.
i feel a longing for i have no idea what if it was ever even there
Oh to find someone who loves you enough to put a blanket over you when you’re sleepy. That’s the dream.
i feel over the moon when the guy i liked started a class cbc read more href http jazzyboy
Love him as an Irish fan, but his range isn't far enough for NFL
i feel more loyal to lucy
Lol I wish
Especially mean! I’m with you. I like the funny posts but people use social media as an excuse to just be horrible people
I love Dlo lol
i feel like there’s actually very few refs I really like. a lot of them lack consistency.
im feeling horny right now
You can't control if you're nervous or not, but just know that you will absolutely be judged for it. Consciously or subconsciously.
I love her omg
I genuinely just for once want to be in a situation where everyone applauds. That’s my New Years resolution.
Are those both not true statements? Everyone loves attractive people, even employers.
You need medical help.
Well I wish we could all get along too.
The poor dude.....pray for him.
This is most excellent news! Also, glad to know he went on to work somewhere like Google.
i struggled with feelings of guilt as i took very gentle care of myself during my recovery and sometimes even now
I can watch test cricket, this would be no problems. Honestly though I'm annoyed I missed it, hopefully there's a re run
Ugh i wish i had seen this earlier! Have fun at the game!
i imagine that in the end it might feel like you do about not fully loving
Love those clips on YouTube, does this add anything to it? Considering Netflix's obsession with exclusivity, this is an unusual arrangement.
i also feel your hot body against mine
I loved when the guy who plays [NAME] showed up as a reporter in The Good Place, but I wish he'd have spoken the same way.
I'm so glad to hear that! Good luck rebuilding yourself.
i am fair skinned and i feel that this gives a lovely highlight on pale skin without just looking like a mass of glitter
Now were talking. Acknowledge our short comings and bring in a guy that is essentially a solution to most of them. Love it.
i feel naughty by ratbagx
Coherence, The One I Love
Don't hesitate to do it.
Be careful on there, some people instantly denounce everyone with a female avatar as “trxps”
Be strong. I've felt the same way before in my living situation. I hope things go your way, keep us updated!
i am feeling a bit nostalgic today
i just read this on yahoo and thought it verrrrrrrryyyy interesting n n n n red may be the color of love for a reason it makes men feel more amorous ntoward
I put [NAME] on over the holidays...my family hated it. Freaking love his stand up though and he's pretty widely liked. My family is weird.
I want the man who makes me pizza from scratch and then lovingly hand feeds it to me. Completely realistic expectation.
And their cats. IT loves kittens.
Please [NAME] that’s how I want to go!
now when I'm off work I completely forget it exists, I love it
Well it very well could be your drug usage. You could be depressed also. So stop doing drugs and see a therapist.
For extra measure tape it right by your crotch so she can't take it for sexual assault reasons
The sheer size of [NAME] now is insane, would love to see him come back at heavyweight
i love the wispy feeling of the delicate strands and the mellow green vibe
Let me calm you down a bit:
no worries, just clean your room
i am raising funds for the jag foundation jointly achieving growth a charity that i feel extremely passionate about
Be safe.
Subscribed! I love it.
I'm fairly new to this group and just realized my nightmares started the day I joined. However, I still somehow love it!
Playing hard to get
We need more people like you. We need a batman who specifically harasses fat people.
i feel very passionate about healthy life and people who want to lose weight and get fit
Love the tilt away. "nobody will know what I'm up to".
i began feeling amorous towards everyone on stage towards the people around me as i experienced the moment with them
I’m really starting to like that kid
i have a guy im actually feeling hilariously fond of
i feel passionate about and dating is
Over 9000 IQ Tracer. Cheers love.
on the subject of meltdowns, stay calm yourself and try your best not to escalate them.
The sick stomach feeling should pass in an hour or two, good luck friend!
im feeling kind of naughty
[NAME], buy me dinner before you go to poundtown on us.
i was feeling all hot and sweaty from dance rehearsals and not looking my best to greet a man as per the guides i now read obsessively but exceptions must be made and i wasn t expecting this
I love this meme, killem with memes
my heart melted omg [NAME]
Nice! You and her would get along i bet. She loves her crafty machines and creative people. 😇
I was joking about the flowers, BTW. I love flowers.
i was sitting right next to him and i had a strong feeling that i liked him
We need the pen kid to drop a beat to this.
i guess it is the taboo feeling naughty bad and dirty
you deserve love too
i didnt really feel sympathetic for him they way i did for the other nominees
It's literally not. I love that people believe it. I'd like to see any info showcasing it.
I think I love you. That pun took my broth away.
What pieces of gear are they? That’s my dream build. Like what gear combination for head, arms, chest, weapons, etc
i feel out of generous love people have focused too much on my story and i don t want to perpetuate that dynamic there are some other educators who are going through the same
This is an issue I had with breaking bad. I love the show but sometimes the actors would talk so frigan quietly.
We love you, this sub is always there for you, remember that behind every meme and comment, there is someone who supports you
Indeed. And good on those that do so. I wish those I've heard complain about what they don't know would be so proactive.
I like him
i feel treasured
We're not roasting you. That's not how it works here. Go get help and feel better then come back for proper roasting.
Just wanna say I love you and hope the flight and everything thing else goes well👌👌.
i could feel my moms presence and my friends and family were supporting me that day
i can offer you that feels loving to you
i tend to be a window shopper when im alone because theres always going to be a self imposed limit of one or two when im feeling naughty
i feel not too terribly fond of the majority at this precise time
i could feel was love and joy and pride when i looked at those two sweet little faces
Love this show :)
i am presenting here a few that we have managed to find which really clean your hair really leave it feeling lovely and really really won t irritate your skin
i sorta feel like everything is so delicate right now
Praying for you. Willing to chat if you need it.
i also love this one
i needed to feel loved and accepted although i falter
I loved this costume and wasn’t even aware of the amount of hate it had until recently
But I love solids
I’d love to see what a PhD in porn consists of! 😂🤣
i was left feeling a little delicate but thoughtful
Poor [NAME]. Give him some Enfamil. He will feel better soon.
Thanks. I desperately need to connect with other women.
i sure know where to come if i m feeling a little tender
I'm having the same problem. Hoping that there is some good advice in response to this! Hugs though hon, I feel your pain.
Omg yes. Could you imagine? Pepperoni rolls, peach schnapps in a mason jar and beer cheese at dinner parties. Love it
What an awful video. I just wanted to see the jump in real time, not 10 cuts of the start, followed by 1 slomo finish.
With the tomahawk through the A? Loved those.
I wish I could buy them I am here in Florida gets harder each day to find them
I really love watching this one more than the goals.
i feel all slutty for some reason oh wait i know ive had like guys talk to me about sex and stuff one guy dave was like
Ugh I know it's wishful thinking but I'm praying to mayor [NAME] for a DC gov closure
i feel loving me no one but i will be fighting for anyone pagetype item url http mimedoger
Don’t you want to raise awareness, you need to do at least one chiro out there who is in need of immediate care).
i havent been feeling incredibly passionate about medicine recently in fact i havent been feeling particularly passionate about anything
I’d love for [NAME] to turn into prime [NAME]
i feel back onto my bed caring for my stinging eye
Wish we hadn't already played them twice so we could hop in on this with something like "Stanley Cup Parade Planners are here to battle"
Use it to your advantage. You will figure out a way. Just get your self esteem up real quick.
Block the number, avoid your parents, and cut the toxic people out of your life.
i added muas primer to mine and it makes my skin feel lovely
This is the best thing I've seen so far in 2019. As a gamer and a human being this is love in video form 😊
I love how the lab is in the front like "shotgun!" .
Wow, that crazy. Hope this doesn't happen again with you. Stay safe!
I like TRTL.
Totally. I loved when she used air quotes for the word “fiancé.”
Will you PM me too? I've been looking for a birthday present and I'd like to take a look at what you've got!
Really love the "Midtown Yards" greenspace in the Mikyoung Kim design and also the Agence Ter design.
i wouldn't take that significant of a pay cut. you should keep your job and do your creative writing on the side/free time.
i need to go and im feeling a longing inside at that point for him
love ya bro, i just love how positive you are!
Remember when that one guy went on “Carpenter is awful” campaign? That meltdown was my favorite
I hope the bleeding didn’t last long
i dont know you or what your going through but i feel sympathetic because im human lies
i do feel sympathetic to the parties involved now that their careers are down the drain
Oh [NAME] I needed that laugh
Yeah, I was like "man I love [NAME] so much but [NAME] is also amazing and good"
I love [NAME]. I hope she can hold on in 2020.
Water? Find a way to keep your temperature down.
“My Girlfriend, [NAME] has returned! Greetings my love!” ~[NAME], 2012.
But seriously, you're probably going to feel very sick
Like I said, most loved and most hated for now. We'll all get over it eventually.
i struggled with feeling like myself because myself liked bands and the s and david hockney and photography and collecting things and no body really understood those things because no body does understand you when you re
I love [NAME].
hope he keeps his shit together, he can become great
i am feeling i still should be caring and concerned
I liked it because [NAME] is a fat lard and he was pissed off.
i are feeling horny and decide to give a double header long wet sloppy blowjob
i love this community to death but sometimes i feel there at times we arent as supportive
Love this man, take my updoot.
i feel treasured i feel loved i feel ive done more than just pursue the craft i adore and make a living from it and more than just fulfil the only real ambition ive ever had of becoming a professional writer
i feel like it has some necessity in a romantic relationship but too much can be very harmful in that context but that s not my problem
i really do miss the feeling of loving someone deeply and having that someone to love you back
i also were able to get appointment with the osteopath on the which is freaking awesome as it feels like i am caring a boulder in my stomach
i feel more sympathetic than ever for elementary school teachers trying to coerce entire classes of third graders to walk single file to the lunchroom
This is the kind of relationship i want to have,a warm soothing one....
I'd be happy to make a donation if you've got some left!
I wanna see [NAME] up there 90 points let's do this
[NAME] for sure. I really hope we don’t lose [NAME] though. He’s basically our ace for the moment.
This looks delicious, I wish I had all ingredients on hand, because I would make this tomorrow.
I love PnR
i most want to do better think harder feel more and be more tender
i got the feeling he wasn t saying this to string me along so much as to have a sympathetic audience to tell his troubles to
Good for #70 to console the poor guy
Damn this sounds like a former friend of mine. She doesn’t get instant validation on things and flips out. Cut negative people out OP.
Got the same pops! [NAME] a lot :) too bad I can barely play him, wish there was a Hwoarang pop
Recover well. (Argh, my english is too terrible 🇲🇫)
We’re gonna need a bigger boat.
i had to work in one i would not feel quite so affectionate
I love a good leg pop
Love when the run away joke always ends up with someone who isn’t funny ruining it
Sorry you feel that way
Be careful with the Washington Times. It's not exactly the Washington Post.
> I want to feel peace and not have to wake up everyday anxious for what the day has in store. I can relate to this.
I like to support anybody who supports veganism, especially at places like this, to show them their is a demand, and a future for it
I liked the slug :(
I liked the charlie one more.
Love the [NAME]
ive not used elvive for years and i admit to feeling a bit naughty having strayed from an sls free formula
i thought it might and it makes my hair feel lovely and silky
I need a thick 10 inches too, thank you.
Yeah. I do wish you the best. It's not gonna be easy but I do. You're welcome!
i get the feeling he has naughty intentions
Ok but it's pretty cute too
i am mellow and feeling particularly fond of all the human race i don t blame fertile people for not really knowing what to say or what to think or how to deal with it all
i feel that it took a lot of guts on her part and i admired her for this
Ugh. It makes sense why you spend so much time with him. Still please please don't marry him.
She loves it. Watch Rick and Morty. Do it yourself.
i feel that i know god is real and that he is loving if i feel that i have air tight reasons for such notions what kind of sense would it make to blame him for the misfortunes that befall us when in fact jesus warns that will have tribulation in the world
Please keep your head up, things get better, stay strong. :)
A few months ago I would have loved that idea. Hard pass now.
Awe, poor baby.
Hey. Maybe talking can help you last till then. What's bothering you?
Love frank and moody together
You are ok.
Love it. More power to you!
People need to stop excusing bad behavior
U R quite welcome buddy. Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
i tried it naked gardening and it feels lovely to have the sun on your back and to feel the plants while you are working in the borders
I'm with you. I'd like one too.
Me too. I love it!
i still feel completely accepted
I love [NAME].
i didn t like the first book should have stayed with my gut feeling on that one liked the second book pretty well third book was a little better and i hated the last book
Gotta love January.
i was and still am feeling romantic possibly due to the endless wedding conversations with my girlfriends which involves a lot of talk on whimsical dresses dreamy photoshoots and vintage inspired decorations
I'm so hyped to see this mitchy and matthews line
I love how they ignore the sniffling buffoon who struggled to read the words off the teleprompter in his speech
Just be good and you won’t lose, ez
I love this and you
I want to be a rapper. I also like to write poetry and stuff. So to be successful with those things also I want to design clothing.
i also have to attire my regular moisturizer and an oil based primer below it yet with all those points along my skin color feels and looks tender and great all time of day something thats normally not attainable to me
i feel as if the leaders of countries do not depict the people of their countries because for the love of god i hope no one thought at all i was in any way supportive or like george w
Don't worry about stupid people and you do whatever you want. Screw them kind of people.
looking forward to your selfie saturday then
i smiled feeling my grandmothers presence in her sweet british accent
Les Collines (Never Leave You) is still a bop. I loved that song and is still awesome in 2019.
[NAME] was an awesome Chief. Wish we would've seen more of him being a badass.
Broad city is my favorite. I need a BFF like them
And always say I love you. My SO is an officer and we ALWAYS say I love you before we leave each other.
i was feeling horny so we let her in
Create new holidays. We need a Ralsei day where we celebrate fluffy bois.
I love my state sometimes
They are bad for your body.
Unless you're trying it with dollarstore shit, don't risk wasting the money. Just enjoy it.
Careful, now. Suggesting this kind of dialogue at Google is what got [NAME] fired.
Must not have been the [NAME] of his day... But seriously though i hope he's alright..
Therapy really is the only way. It's not easy, but maybe therapy will help you learn to love yourself enough to love someone else one day.
Omg i love you hahahahgaha
Thanks dude. Wish you the best with OP, personally I'm done.
Don’t be clinically depressed, go outside! Be happy! 😊
The people of NI need to know the joy of football special
Stay strong and keep going. Chiche but true : living well is the best revenge .
I've recently figured out I'm the perfect mix of smart ass and sweet, the ladies love it.
I dream of a world where that won't even be an option.
i guess there is nothing wrong if i say "May [NAME] grant you love, guidance and happiness" And yes, that was directed towards you
I love it that they're filming this with a phone or something
Love when this happens. Thank you, oh wise one.
We need mark-ass brownlee
i want to feel admired and loved
I love this. Kids just live in the moment which makes them so unaware of so many things.
Right? This pops up like atleast once a month, for months now. Dude needs serious therapy...
I’d love to get my hands on a 4th gen z28
I love this! Wish I lived in the city!
Ughh same. Love the finish of it just wish it had more coverage.
Love me some Clash
i just think the media in general i just don t really get portrayed as someone who has feelings or who is sympathetic
Aww this made me tear up! Please keep posting your poems, they are so special ♥️
I kept them and wish I hadn't. A pain to get rid of the further removed you are.
Dogs are so dumb sometimes but always so good :) I love dem dumb ones
You obviously don't understand, this season was a bumper crop and *I* want to bank all that sunshine in *my own* pocket.
i say his helpless the phone muttered the i love you love his feeling always feel very sweet always feel to have him with me i nothing a person undertaking no matter where there is a he
Thank you love. I really appreciate your input
I want to give my peers money, so they can fight for my rights and privilges- see the bus pass discussion in this thread.
I really want [NAME] out of these two, but I’m curious who he would tap as OC.
i feel there is a shortage of loyal people whom you can trust
I’m gonna need a couple more checks before I trade down for a retarded kid.
i feel really bless to have a very supportive family who appreciate everything that i do
Wow wish I could take that. That is an absolute steal. Not a lock by any means but value alone is worth it
That's true, but you see, one man can really make a difference. [NAME] I loved the movie
Just make a better game looool 4Head You shouldn't worry about valve stop working on artifact, at least for a year
Thanks I absolutely love it.
Bat Out of Hell is awesome start to finish, I'd love to see a musical based on it.
I’d love that luxury of time.
i pay godaddy for the privellege of having a domain i feel im also supporting their efforts to get this bill that i vehemently oppose shoved through
My Dachshund loves trying to lick my son's mouth when he's laughing. Every single time.
I love Nigeria, visited a couple of times. Lived in Angola for two years
Why are we making fun of a little kid? He probably hasnt even the ability to grow a neckbeard yet.
i really just want someone to hold me and kiss me to make me feel loved and safe
From red deer as well. Don't worry not all of us are ignorant and hateful.
that's one amazing thought! All the best! we are with you!
Apparently government cares about the environment about as much as many of our neighbors.
i didnt feel so hot
yo STOP going on your roof on dxm man you don't want to fall and hurt yourself
i just want to warn you that im feeling rather delicate at the moment so dont expect too much from me
My girl [NAME]. Love that our names are the same bless
Personally wish they had a male version of 🤰🏼
Bro, too close to home. Thing is I wish I could just chill where this monk is at, with a lot of open space.
American here. Not laughing. Routine circumcision of male infants is a violation of their bodily autonomy. I wish had my foreskin back.
Ah the city of brotherly love <3
Follow your gut instinct. You will be ok. You are young and have a bright future.
I hate the marvel stuff. I do love stuff like murder mountain and you. So that’s a hit for me in the last month.
i really wanted to like this one and whilst a couple of performances and the setting made this worth seeing it is developed in a way which is pedestrian at best and critically flawed when i feel less generous
i feel disrespected as if those of us who are so loyal to our relationships simply do not matter
Me, it's too cute for words.
I like it
i try to stay with my feelings caring for them meditating with them dancing with them and sometimes writing about them
I'm lactose intolerant, still I hope u OP and everyone else loves their slices.
I don’t. I love humanity. Why are you afraid of democracy?
Giants are getting him even though if take him. He wants them too so no room for us
Adjust grip, change how you aim, and don’t worry about it.
I think this is my favourite one ever.
Love it.
I like [NAME], just thought there was significant savings there, and maybe sign [NAME] for cheaper...idk
I like long hair but it's never been a huge consideration in love.
Don't bother, redditors hate Israel
Yup. You see more hands, have to learn more to be competitive.. etc
Wait, what. Are you okay son? I'm here to talk.
If you are following the schedule, your kid got up to 6 in one visit...at 2 months.
My fave moments are checking cities and villages and my heart races when I see movement :D
i received a lousy results slip ive decided to retain i had the worst first few months in school i made friends in class friends who made my life easier in school who made me feel more accepted in the class
i was feeling extremely horny while out of town visting some friends of mine in south florida
i personally feel you can call a guy slutty and matt
I love salty popcorn. and sweet and salty popcorn. and tomato and worcestershire sauce popcorn. and chocolate popcorn... I'm just a fan of popcorn =D
Man – I love how [NAME] really lights up when she asks about [NAME] .... "that's my boy for real, for real". Love that.
Hey, we all love South Park friend.
im meant to feel longing
i will ever feel i admired virtually everything about you
MTV loves Indiana
$2M AAV, love this deal
Call me a [NAME] but I love saying that word. "No."
I love everything I have ever made in mine, but recently it's mostly used to hard boil eggs.
Please try again; even [NAME] would make for a better ending.
Dude... are you okay?
Born in Jersey, live in Kansas. I love my Lions. I was also 5, hated the Giants and liked the Lions unis.
This goes hard, keep working just a little bit more on it. It feels like a demo to a cool song Love it
I wanna win this game so bad FJB
i have come to a place in my life where i feel having a romantic partner is unnecessary
I love juancho
Love the laugh at the end
You sound like my gf. I'm so lucky to have her in my life.
I love [NAME]
Natural selection, I love you.
i feel very passionate about sharing my story of our family with you
i could better understand and feel the desires of his most sweet heart
I like these cultures and would be happy to tell you what sort of work qualifications/licensure/certification have you acquired, if any?
I hope mcd's charged extra for the sauce.
[RELIGION] Match all the way! I met the love of my life :-)
And the purse tacos!! Need that midday snack!
i also feel that no one in the music school is really being very supportive of me on this
I wanna hug my mom dead named me waking me up for school
But when you do, just remember that trick so you don’t have to take your break or get an RI.
Bahaha I love that
i had a feeling that was going to happen once i accepted the job offer because life likes to throw you lots of curveballs
i feel so passionate and excited about my new business deer daisy
I'd love if this just quick-panned to [NAME] giving a brutal RBF while this moid fawned over her "personality shining"
I love how the tires are Raiders logo
Love seeing the guys have fun.
Mmmm, I sure do love some Vaseline on a hot piece of toast in the morning.
I absolutely love that idea "BuT a CoP tOlD mE"
IMO, he was an asshat during the tell all, too. He was all about wanting [NAME] to thank and respect him post C section.
It’s my birthday too! I’ve always love it!
Awesome! I'd love to see some if you ever post pics :)
This sounds like a tangent from Brows Held High. I like it.
i cant help but feel that i need to be delicate
I really love the sorta sharp angles you used !
I love that your drinking that out a tumbler
Seems like you care way too much
i recall those high school feelings and the longing with which i watched the olympic runners i feel st
i cherished and enjoyed i didn t have many friends in college and she was my first real friend that made me feel like i was accepted
Don’t worry I did not disappoint your mother
Well if you don’t enjoy fishing, lucky you, there are various other activities in this game which can net you decent cash.
im usually so strong but she has this ability to make me feel like a naughty child that doesnt know what shes talking about
like 2lbs worth of potato and toppings at her grandmas every damn day. I love that show as well
i am a down to earth person and say what i feel very affectionate
i ask you to trust this and to celebrate not the images of lives cut short but the feeling of freedom that your hearts can accord when you reach for these lovely spirits and know that you make the connection
You're not retarded. It's a natural reaction to a lousy upbringing. Love your username BTW.
I wish everything the I was going through was a hallucination
I would love to jam with you guys but I would need to buy an instrument here :(
Private practice cash only in a wealthy suburban area. Just see the worried well and live the dream.
I wish I could draw... :L
i was feeling amorous
i was constantly complaining of not feeling so hot
I love this game already
I'd love [NAME], boy can shoot
Is this from “Please Like Me”? I loved that show. The last season had me in tears though. Really hard to watch. 😢
Don't forget to snack constantly to keep your metabolism up! /s
Just take it easy son.
I would love both of them
Gotta love trailing for 59+ minutes
If I met a woman that loved me and I her, that stuff wouldnt cross my mind. Its life. You make it work.
Good for you. But ignoring [NAME] situation makes the article pointless.
Manipulation. I love my mother btw, but this thing is insidious.
Safety Dance in Naxxramas, WOTLK. My favorite boss fight to date
Help that damn cat
[NAME] would love it if we rolled over into the hypocrisy of pacifism. The only problem I have with punching [NAME] is making sure your aim is correct.
i was reading through our old blog entries the other night feeling nostalgic and missing my boys and i came across our list of projects we had to do before we left
Saame god I try to picture myself as a more attractive version of myself if that makes sense but it's all just fantasy :(.
i still dont feel like finishing typing about it but i just know my legions and legions of loyal readers have been clamouring for the exicting conclusion to my disney vacation
Careful, he's a hero
You lost everything. So sad. Lots of lies from you. Next time do better. I love this. Friend. :)
You sound like my brother. I only have one tip. Calm the fuck down. You cant think when youre upset
I love having twins. They'll keep each other company in their room until about 7:30-8:00 every day. So nice.
I wish my mom was catgirl savvy.
The Remini series. I love it. Horrifying and karma and righteous indignation.
I love it (Blacklock holiday)
Get well soon good boye
Calling people on the internet “sweetie”... sweet [NAME] I love this sub. The cringe hurts so good.
i have spent the majority of my life trying to change how i look in order to feel accepted by others to feel loved by other to feel better than people around me because in my mind my physicality is the only thing that i have to offer
i feel like that s the thing that happened with my dad i was too stubbornly loyal to let him dump me like a rotten piece of food
This sub needs more Poison memes.
Yes you pretty much summed it up. Wanted her out of that career that was destroying her.
I'm sorry for you loss man. Truly I am.
Actually I love cooking and good burgers but if I don't love **you**, you'll have to pay me to make one.
hello there, i sent some hugs your way. ^.^
I love my audio technica AR3BT
I love it
Ohh that's in season I like that one
The slam final I want, [NAME] vs [NAME]. The slam final we'll get, [NAME] vs [NAME].
i feel tender cool and relax after enjoying these wonderful masters
Crush. Big crush. Still have it.
My favorite thing is when [NAME] gets the ball at the top of the key and every stands with their hands on their hips
I love when it drops, and the beat just stops. Feels like the musical equivalent to a cliffhanger
I love the idea if choosing an outfit based on what kind of person I wanna be that day. Sounds like a fun way to experiment.
I am with you. Despite leaving stuff at his place, i am slow but surely done.
i feel as though the art of the romantic comedy has deteriorated as of late and i am drawn to movies like sabrina notting hill and love actually
i feel like a delicate fragile vase
Everyone likes [NAME].
I got you dude! I use it a ton, Glad I could make it worth it for you!!
Then let's go scythe and HAMMER!!! I've actually wanted scythe and hammer for the longest too
Maybe I'm overly cautious, but when I was single I stayed away from people who worked with me.
i feel absolutely no longing for the patch of dirt which some dead stranger related to me by blood happened to have been birthed on
If your partner is so consumed by his addiction that he chose it over you, you know what to do.
How is it the worst though? Me and my friends all use it and love it (since 2016)
Though i think i preferred it when it was artistic and gritty i still love that series. Listening to the audiobook he took the voices from. highly recomended
**LOVE TO HEAR IT B**
i feel like im loving them even more now that im working again i appreciate every snuggle and feeding just a little more since i miss so much when im gone
I love the aunt. Hope she doesn't back down.
i feel like i liked my hair much better before i was using a sulfate free brand and i believe i am using a reputable brand
Finally some news from [NAME]. Hope he goes with DAZN. Would love to see him face [NAME] next.
You are doing your kids such a grand favor! I wish I were raised like that.
Just learn to talk to yourself like [NAME] and you'll only be a little lonely.
I love flying out of Midway because I feel like I have never waited more than 10 minutes for security. I love the lines at Midway.
Don't stay too long or you might go Nakamoto : P
North Wahroonga. Lovely clear day, then some distant rumblings, 10 mins later pea-sized hail. Summer <3
I hope [NAME] bullies wittle baby [NAME] tonight, like he did last year!
Wishing you all of the best friend !!!!
[NAME] learned to fight smarter, not harder. I love her development so much
i have the same feelings toward the word passionate
i also feel i do not deserve anyones sympathy or help or caring because i do not feel worthy of anything
I love that place I actually went their for my prom pictures
Good luck OP! I'm rooting for you!
You would be better off to do some makeup tutorials. Save yourself the headache of dealing with hormones that you don't actually need.
TBH I was worried he actually hurt [NAME]. Glad everyone is ok.
I'd like to apologize on behalf of all Azwel mains.
I wish to die with my will and spirit intact!
I'm praying they get a spin-off. Keep this crap off my VPR.
I still love figment!
Still looks pretty delicious, makes me really want an omelette rn tbh
i feel like maybe a yoga class and later a long hot soak in the tub with some beautiful perfumed bath salts
I’m glad you had such a helpful person on the other end during a tough situation, those kinds of people are like angels❤️
I love how happy he looks while listening to tool.
i feel like this class has also reaffirmed the importance of women supporting other women learning that it s okay to be yourself and of an inclusive feminist community
im lulled into a fantasy of walking hand in hand in some remote location preferably the beach at sunset its cliched i know and feeling love and loving in return
Don't worry, I'll sacrifice myself. Hey u/hellseashell, come over here. wants to call you a piece of shit.
i am blue i try to imagine his smile and even though the tears pour i feel so loved
i have been thinking on a working towards for a long time but it has become something i feel even more passionate about in this last year
i get upset that i try to rekindle some sort of feeling excitement remorse longing anything but like i said even this feeling becomes a temporary phase
So happy for you! Keep dancing, dancing is freedom!! Something we feel we will never have again.
Honestly if I didn't have this many favorite characters not yet in the game, I would probably waste my 7 votes on Merlinus.
His character was created to be a love interest and it's literally the only thing they know how to use him for.
i do feel sympathetic and try to help when i can but it s different when it s your own community
i knelt down in front of her close enough to feel her gentle breath she did not move or speak but yet there was no need our eyes shared a mutual understanding we communicated with no words just pure silence i felt at peace
i have some great friends who help me deal with my issues because you cant always leave your baggage at the door see offspring feelings you guys know who you are and thanks again for being supportive
Be good-looking.
gotta love some Detroit Sports
Hold on to your butts!
Plz explain the TeamViewer thing. Im interested.
I don't even cook the steel cut! I just love the chewiness! I'm usually fuller longer with steel cut too.
i feel hate whoever that love me or caring towards me
i know if ive been feeling quite nostalgic these days and have spent a huge amount of time looking back and remembering
Love the place but be ready to wait. They really do take the time to make sure you look good and fresh.
i wish to feel your tender bites
i started to get this feeling of longing when i looked at the quilts on display
It will be painful but it will be worth it! Good Luck, and may you never be a slave to a drug again !
Would love to share this on twitt and FB ...
Yup ^ If it isn’t working now, it won’t work later. He needs to grow up, and you need to move on!
Hi, [NAME]! I am stopping by to wish you the best day, and the best year! -HappyFriendlyBot
This is amazing. Love these edits.
In the least condescending way possible I think you have some gross misconceptions and I'd like to clear them up.
i have the satisfaction of feeling that i m no longer supporting or contributing to the looter driven consumerism that has made a walking corpse out of the america i so revered when i was younger
To me he's extremely funny. Love him.
i stand you come across as a complete stranger to me but i feel compassionate about you
[NAME] was the only one I actually liked, besides [NAME].
I love how they keep getting smaller 🙊
Are you [NAME]? Haha Kidding but shouldn’t feel that way, you tried it and now try to look for something that will keep you going.
I’m so very sorry that happened to you!
im really not feeling that passionate about this one
So did mine! And I'm now one myself. Sending a trillion hugs and props to you!
I like what you did to PK ☺
MDMA makes me happily social. I wish the researchers would get on that one.
i feel blessed amazed and yes very excited
Man that’s cool, I like this sub. You’re a cool mod
[NAME]. She's always so busy. I'm glad she finally got to relax....
...i love [NAME] for what she did/does for her [NAME]. ...also, would like to see some of the work that comes out of the collective
i overslept and the hangover kicked in mid morning im still feeling extremely delicate
Good luck bro! I am with you on this journey. Currently on day 7. I had trouble sleeping yesterday night due to the urges.
I'm more concerned that the kid's name is "[NAME]".
It’s your choice what you choose to do, but just know you’ll be surely missed by loved ones.
i feel the need to lend my hand in the loyal promotion of greg weismans baby in hopes that disney will some day pick it back up or at the very least sell the rest of the series on dvd
Man hope he recovers fast. Looked really painful
All ur damage should have overflowed.. So just choose the best looking one.
There is a huge hormone dump around 48-72 hours after birth. Totally normal. Take care of yourself, eat well, and get some rest.
Oh [NAME] is serious about trying to win this game huh
You are a treasure. Please know how wonderful you are. Big hugs to you.
good luck my friend
“Your” people are mentally ill and need help. Go get it ASAP!
It’s more of a vibe tbh I love playboi carti as much as I love [NAME]
❤❤❤❤❤ this morning in my head I kept saying let go of the resentment this is amazing
I love the guy but can't see this working out well. That being said if he plays as the furthest forward of the midfield 3- who knows.
I wish I could get a lazy Malinois. I love their look and Mal puppies are so cute! But I’m not a run-everyday dog owner.
Well the last sentence reallt hurts, but still I'll do my best to stay with her and keep her happy. I really love this girl
i can help but feel sympathetic
I love rock music but I enjoy draft punk too.....*feels bad man*
i often tell him that i want attention from him especially when i feel horny and want to have good sex for hours
hey of course, I’m glad I could shine some light. Stay strong mate
im not feeling like the meetings are a particularly supportive environment how does she expect to be treated when she has lost the weight she wants to lose
i feel passionate about these issues i want to see others become as passionate and the blog hop becomes fun for me in spite of how much work goes along with it
Mine was the size of my pinky. And honestly get any size you want! Just be mindful of your pain tolerance
I love it when people have a background in STEM and the arts and manage to pursue both!
Gotta share the love, have an upvote :)
If your walls are not connected sprinkle your lawn in between regularly with diatomaceous earth. It will kill them before they can get to you.
Peace and love, my brother!
Idk about you but I love crispy vagina
I can’t work, wish I could. Worked hard my whole life and lost literally everything a few years ago. 20 years down the drain.
There’s a fine line between love and hate, you know.
She was HOPING she was gone!
I'm very open to doing anything to help me abstain. This seems very helpful I'd love to know more.
I love bang
We need an irbe so bad right now. I hope [NAME] is that guy
I love how it stops just before the impact
i have been really feeling my age and beyond this week i thought a gentle reminder was in order
i still feel the tender touch of a hand in mine
Him being in prison (if these useless people and their story is real) HIV and Hep C should be a concern for her.
i feel on the verge of tears from weariness i look at your sweet face and cant help but tenderly kiss your cheeks
I like this area when I go to the aquarium. It's a nice rest spot
Probably overdose in a hotel after losing my virginity to an escort on my 30th birthday
i am feeling the need the longing for the flowers the birds and the warmth of the sun
[NAME] I'd love it just to see grumpy writers complain.
i feel sympathetic toward him he is always suffering through a million responsibilities
If this data were exportable in CSV format. I would love this website long time. (Github link for feature contributions maybe?)
I like [NAME]. Sue me.
I don't care for [NAME] but I still love this. Like it or not, he represents us.
i have to be honest with a grandmother that passed away at i dread the idea that if i die young i wont get to do all of these things i really feel passionate about
i really enjoy having the weekend off i feel naughty for not doing but i am still getting results and it is a really nice treat
Trust me, I my self wish it happened before this filming
i love the way it feels i love its permanence i love the nostalgic feeling of keys under my fingertips
i feel so very loved by a href http www
Don't forget the fort camper.
we love critical impactful discourse
I completely agree, and I love Space Jame. But Back in Action was just amazing and incredibly satirical and witty.
This is oddly wholesome. I love it.
Wyrmwood was extremely my shit and I loved every second of it.
i do have dark chocolate i may have a square if im feeling the need for a sweet
Ending the quarter with some point [NAME] action, I love it
I wish I loved anything the way [NAME] loves playing hockey
One of my favourite [NAME] moments
Yes for sure! Please let me know how your job venture goes! :) would love to hear your experience.
[NAME] is playing with the confidence, aggression, and awareness that I wish [NAME] and [NAME] would develop.
There is so much I want to say. Keep [NAME] close. Don't judge others. Work in love. Take love there and bring love back.
I like how you ignored the point about Blade Runner.
Don't worry--reminders like this are exactly where grizzled old guys can help out most.
i think like all australians i know the image so well it will be interesting to see how i feel when were there and yes lovely kay we are going to view it at sunrise
[NAME] fast asleep is adorable. I love how the two blonde girls are asleep and with drool.
I love her face in the second one. Embrace your waiste!
im feeling romantic towards not another relative friend coworker
i dont like about coldstone is i feel like everything i get is waaaaayyyy too sweet but i think that choices does a good job of making delicous creations without giving you that creaminess overload
Don’t worry, we can be crucified together 🙌🏿
i never had that sense of belonging anywhere and where if anywhere is anyone supposed to belong and feel accepted
i feel i owe my adoring fans a lj entry every once and a while
i had no idea that it could feel be a little love for each other and i hope that the week is over and so that you can hop again blessed with the kleinkinders
LMAO I love hockey
i am really looking forward to feel like in europe again although somehow i m fond of this place
Someone really needs to solve the problem of how to put cars into video games, I'd love to see it one day, just imagine the fun!
as [NAME] wishes he didnt want to be buried so they had is ashes thrown in a lake in india as [NAME] wanted please respect his wishes
Please be [NAME]. I like [NAME], for the record. But I'm def willing to part ways with him.
i personally feel that god is gentle and kind but i dont think he wants me to enter into a friendship with me
i feel like mike is loyal and will always be loyal
I’d love to get an update on what happened! (When you are ready)
i feel romantic when i wear it under my raphael coat
Is this a [NAME] reference. I feel like it is.
Glad things came out alright for you...
I'd love for someone to pay a little attention to me
I love the concept but if they release another kpop skin line they should recosnider giving the group a different name to rival KDA
[NAME] is so cute ^_^, the second bunny image is my favourite. Since you haven't got any requests... I request Himiko.
Probably. Sorry, OP. But don't worry. A lot of us are in the same boat.
I hope there is a special place in Hell for these people.
We just got a ninja coffee machine. Don’t even need filters! It has little waste besides the coffee grounds. I love it.
Gotta love how these are mostly done at churches, no separation there.
So happy for you two !! ❤️
I love and stan Manila , I always will. BUT the fan base worshipping the ground she walks on is getting so irritating ngl
Well said, being alone is a stronger feeling than love!
No the bubble is love. The bubble is life. With the bubble comes zero expectations and a sweet sixteen appearance. Such is life in South Canada.
i really started to feel that the ica was an association worth supporting and maybe something that id enjoy being a part of
i feel myself slowly not caring about living up to other peoples standards when it comes to aesthetics and how i present myself
I was love bombed, then ghosted... and it broke me
Love your username
Mate honestly what you had was a serious relationship with her, for all 13 years. I hope you heal up well.
I love democracy
The only rank that can't be deranked is diamond. However, all rewards are based on peak elo. So don't be afraid to keep playing.
25 m from Canada! out for 10 years now! I'd love to make a new penpal!
And then we wish for winter because it's so damn hot, thus the cycle continues.
Hope it works for you OP.
and I love him for that
[NAME] loves (the taste of) people
Save money and find a good partner so you can be financially stable with someone you love and do whatever you want the rest of your life.
i could feel her eyes on me hot on my skin
im already feeling nostalgic about the san antonio spurs golden state warriors series and it hasnt even ended yet
This is also (as an exmo myself) why I love her. She is awesome.
Damn I wish there was such a service here.
I love how this sub is so sensitive. Some people just havent seen them IRL!
My favorite gusgasm
i feel a trace of disgrace for the gracious man s embracing her bracelet
Have a good one, mate. I wish you all the loves. Here, a potcoin for you.
i wake up i realize that my panty is wet and i feel very horny
IMAGINE ABOUT TO LOSE TO LAKERS W/O LEBRON, I FCKING LOVE THIS TEAM
i will feel what i feel and tell you and together we will apologize and make up and keep loving each other to bits and bits
I’d want to know what happens after
i would further suggest people might feel more at ease in caring giving societies
Haha I don't know where you are, but I feel you
Haha love it!
i do feel the need for a little break however like you and for something lovely and quiet
People love him on Yelp:-)
Denver will pay for bus fare so homeless people can come live here And we love it! That's where the tents come from!
lmao i love this!
i needed to clear my head he tells him and sighs when he feels gentle fingers in his hair
I was justing humming Spin Light to myself before picking up my phone amd seeing this meme. Deja is such a classic, maybe my all time favorite album
I love me some RFM. My wife said he talks like a robot.
For the [NAME] I always love our deep ACC Tourney runs. I’d love a regular season championship though
i feel like she has not thus far been incredibly supportive of him in his time of need
i am feeling like i have more energy and loving every minute of it
I love the comradely for finding the source
I feel so much safer when my doctors are only abusing prescription medication... /s
i feel it would not be loving of me not warn you about the impending social crises facing montana
I guess a little research goes a long way. [NAME] is the last speaker with the 20 dollar example. Stay strong all!
The molcajete is my favorite type of Mexican food. I'm not with you on this one.
> no one wants to smell like a goat. HA! That's amazing. I love it.
This is so cool! I love the hat.
i wasnt feeling all that hot and i was moving well
My fav time to walk around the city. Everything looks nicer to me.
i need to get in touch with what i want and how i want to feel did i mention how much i hate people caring for me
i still didnt start feeling contractions but it was a tender mercy for me because she would have come on the st no matter what
i just feel like i dont like supporting walmart because maceys has such good family values and is closed on sundays and isnt trying to take over mom and pop stores but i have to be a smart consumer too
i am feeling kind of sympathetic towards camilla for that
I thought [NAME] was awesome tonight. That kid is passing on another level. I'd love to see that kid saucing up [NAME] on the PP unit
You wont be in pain but you wont feel any relief either. Find what makes you feel comfortable and stick with it
Female here - Personally, I would love a text that says "I had a good time tonight! Would love to see you again."
i do feel that at least it meant they are compassionate and care about the world ba
I love the neck movement at the end 😂
My favorite parody in fact.
It is so good to hear from you. Stay safe!
im still feeling that christmas loving with my polyvore boards and its only the start of advent
i should not have to feel this way in a nerd convention i am a nerd and i should feel accepted and comfortable in that setting
Educate yourself! Stay in your lane! (It all sounds so totalitarian if you look at it more closely.)
The papers listed at might be of help.
Tread carefully , my friend. So many red flags.
Enjoy friend.
I don't think I'll ever love anyone or anything as much as I love a nice cyst pop.
I’m not sure what to make of any of this but stay strong, friend. You’ll get through this eventually!
I would choose to go in the coolest way possible. Don’t know what that would be but I would want my last moments to be memorable.
i did not feel sympathetic as the narrator struggled through her low income life
I like this one.
Do not destroy your life bc of feelings for an underaged person. think back to when you were 14
Don't worry looking for it, there isn't any porn tab/hidden message
I just ate my last teva those are my favorite
I grew up in the upper peninsula of Michigan so I love the ShopKo reference because those stores are usually in places with depressed economies.
And she will try so be careful op
The puppy is actually suggesting that the use of laptop to be repulsive. ^^^^PCMR4Lyfe
i like to do it makes me feel very out of control and since i went through a stage of not caring about my diabetes and not checking my levels i don t really want to feel like that again
because your brain will associate the drip taste with the high after a few times, i love the drip
i am a passionate obama supporter but as a woman i feel twinges of guilt at times about the fact that i am not supporting the first woman with a real shot at the presidency
That is the end-all and be-all of the situation. if you feel upset or insecure you should definitely be creeped out as he's doing it.
> I miss frequent, monogamous sex enough that I miss a relationship very much. This is really the core of why I want a relationship.
Okay then. It sounds like you have it all figured out. Good luck.
I love when people call 500ms lights useless.
That’s hard-boiled. This is the secret weapon we’ve been waiting for. You are a god-damned hero. 🎖
im taking this to heart and feel that the gentle age of is the perfect time and place to engage in some fearlessness and wholesale change
Move on bro. Don't sit around waiting for someone. If it's meant to happen later, it will.
I love this subreddit
uhh guys love natural beauty in a partner but the random effort is like a cool surprise
I still like beer.
Lucky you got a sane dad. Get ready for a world of crazy... just don't get sucked into her toxic world. Good luck.
after months on months of making gameoverse, he’s had no time. it’s getting the best of him now... pray for him
Yeah I wish they hadn't opened the entire game with the ol' [NAME].
Love the whole lebatard community but she has the most confidence speaking and it shows up on all the shows she does
im feeling hot already after tackling the front hedge
ive somehow had a few epiphanies and toned down the need for validation its still a work in progress but i feel less need to be liked by people who dont deserve the attention
i am reminded that this heartache im feeling is a gentle nudge
i start to feel like im getting over the death of my beloved cat timmy and when i get used to the idea of only seeing my mum maybe twice a ytear from now on and justwhen i start planning for my futrue and happy timesa ahead i start efeeling like this again
UPDATE i got a set of spare keys finally and rescued my dogs. theyre happy happy and being spoiled with treats. I APPRECIATE YOU ALL
I love the holiday overlay for The Haunted Mansion.
They should do it even harder now to spite you
Prayers for Dipo you guys. Just had a gruesome injury
I want to see him succeed. Mostly because his last name makes me think of the bad guy from Shrek
i will put my hand on his scar covered chest and feel that half of a heart beating oh its in there beating and feel the sweet rhythm and remind him that we are not alone
Yes!!! He was my #2 choice. Love this hire so much and we don’t have a coach with a sketchy past
i really feel like he will never love me he will never be affectionate because he doesnt love me
i understand why bernie wants a guaranteed spot on the team because he feels that he should get the respect that he deserves after being loyal and staying on this team for so long
Good luck don’t get discouraged you can do it!!!
I would tell her part of loving herself/her body is taking care of herself. Speaking as a recovering obese person myself.
ugh. I love guild wars 2 but it has the weirdest god damn community and management dynamic of any mmo.
They love me!
Thanks for sharing! I loved [NAME] interview too haha. Looking forward to his on-court reunion with [NAME].
Their orange chicken is the absolute fucking bomb. I love having it on top of a nice bed of rice and veggies :D
Wish you could choose to just have two bottles of the Pinot Grigio.
i feel like there is a fragment sweet scent hang on my tongue it instantly disappear as if saying i was paranoid
Married to the love of my life. LOL
I'm glad that yours is getting slightly better too! Keep on working on it and you'll be a social butterfly someday!
Try Rescue Melatonin Strawberry gummies and Natural Calm in hot water. They saved my life.
HEY! Once I was out on my own, I **loved** getting socks and underwear as gifts. My son just realized the same thing.
Entire planet should be good
Lol "progressive reformer". Gotta love how gullible Chicago voters are
i feel so blessed to be able to continue this pregnancy
I wish to find my best one.
i hope you can feel that and will take the time to feel tender about your life for a moment
Brother, I am in tears, [NAME], I wish I had been there.
Since 1987 it has been like this, I love this team and this sport.
well put yourself in his shoes though, it could make for a possible hostile working environment as well as be detrimental to his livelihood.
He makes my man bits tingle. Loved him in Robin Hood Men in Tights just as much.
i feel lighter and more compassionate after i have these little talks with myself
i am feeling in a generous mood so there will be a runner up prize which will be a copy of my other a href http www
i feel like im living my life through all the romantic teen movies i watch
Bless you!
Where did you see them? I’d like to watch too
There are Germany radfem groups on FB? I'd love to know some names. Danke! (Can anybody PM me?)
i am just feeling that i really want to treat my parents nicely and i did it somehow as for him i need to be more generous as don t get jealous easily rawr i am a person with strong possession
i don t doubt that i m right in this case because i feel that you are a faithful gamer
Left beer outside so I could make a cool picture for reddit. Please give karma.
i feel as though my capacity to love others to show love to be loved and share it has grown dramatically
Lol loving these choose your own ending memes [NAME] 💕
i cant decide how i feel about some of the supporting roles particularly the girlfriend and alfred molina both quite funny but were they one dimensional caricatures or legitimate characters simply overshadowed by a fantastic lead
I saw this entire movie on YouTube and loved it! But it doesn’t seem to be on YouTube anymore :/
Someone just needs a hug
I feel so sorry for [NAME]..
Love pasta. Not a fan of cosmos. I’ll take an aperol spritz though 😍
I would try to find someone who wasn’t married and exploring sex parties because...I’m boring as fuck, I guess.
Yeah, it’s a really similar thing. Some kids love it, some kids are really freaked out.
I love how they have it on the dog. Imagine a fur missile going after a suspect flashing red and blue.
No! That’s not how I meant it! Just trying to start a conversation & I love Tool.
Sure, they can help nurse [NAME] back to health.
i feel so blessed that god has chosen me to help guide them
This. You need medical attention and they'll be able to put you in touch with resources.
The sub is VERY socialist so they love this kind of stuff
I love finding people like this because there’s always at least one
I love how some people have the mindset "children should be seen not heard, unless they something rediculously outlandish then they must have a supernatural connection."
I love how defeatist we've all become.
Hipsters love tapes tho.
im feeling this longing for this endless love that maybe we could have if we let ourselves
[NAME] I wish that was me
I’m here,it’s tough but I’m here.
Do you have a link to any news or something? I'd love to read more about it.
*I love pressure. I eat it for breakfast.*
As far as I know that’s why the military loves it. Plus the [NAME] use it for food occasionally.
[NAME] was not childfree. He just honored his wife's (who is childfree) desires because he loved her.
You've got time to turn it around. I promise you. You can get there.
I don't think pairing [NAME] and [NAME] again is that bad an idea. Also love the [NAME] idea.
i wish for each one to feel with my loving embrace ready to hold you and pick you up giving you strength to face whatever challenges lie ahead
So? [NAME] was and is a far higher rated player than [NAME] as much as I like him.
i feel accepted for who i am
I've found multiple people who fulfill a specific need of mine, and I love them all!
i feel like i love all romantic comedies that sort of have a mixed tone so some of woody allen s work obviously and jim brooks and some of the earl billy wilder films like the apartment
That's what I was talking about. Eat one meal, then hibernate until you're so hungry you gotta eat again.
you would love the episode of the boondocks called the return of the king.
i do not agree with hirsi ali on policy matters and i do agree with much of what ingrid writes by contrast but having grown up in a country for which i feel little love and with the culture of which i do not identify in the least i can t help but to be sympathetic to her
i remember that we would always pat my head ahaha lt i feel like a puppy and this other guy that liked me kindaish also patted me on the head too so i guess that s a good sign of harry liking me if he patted my head maybe he thinks my hair is soft sighhh
I love the 90s for all the same reasons. It was so comfy and effortless! And yes!!! All evidence can remain hidden!!!
Bro I love how she deletes it so all ur hard work is gon
It's not "over". Don't believe that. Focus on making friends. The more people in your network, it seems better.
Stay safe guys
If you would do exactly as that kid did - then you will never get it. You’re defending a smug little asshole.
My girlfriend always says “Them’s the rules.” And I love it. I also love “I don’t make the rules.”
i kuribayashi i had the feeling that had we met i would have liked him
i can feel your heartbeat with each desire longing to be core to core centered and totally together
oh id love to hear it if you ever find it. he is one of my all time favorite authors
i know i feel a sense of obligation to be loyal to the us canada and taiwan depending on whether or not you think the last is a country
i started feeling very gentle contractions about minutes apart
I like [NAME]. He's the most experienced, and he seems like an all-around nice guy.
I LOVE WALNUT CREEK
i feel as if im trying to be so considerate of others
i do really feel treasured by you too
I love [NAME], but we have better characters to trade for him. Leave [NAME] alone.
I really want pizza right now
i feel very strongly that the only way to eat cornbread is if its sweet cornbread with butter and honey dripping off each piece
I've wanted one ever since [NAME] dual wielded them in Bad Boys 2.
I have no clue what that is, but I hope you have fun
i start to hate the fact that whenever i post anything it would eventually end up with me writing about how lonely i feel because i have no romantic partner whatsoever
She would be crying because your showing yiu truly care. Its up to you buddy but tears of joy are good.
Find a girl who loves you *and* your eye holes.
I'd expect this from an actually attractive person but this is just lol
That was the moment I fell in love with [NAME]. He was also really good in Frier Fall (Free Fall).
Well good luck! Hoping to see you in my diamond games soon. Psn is LokleLad if you ever wanna stack
Stargazing with Vi is definitely my favorite moment of the season so far
i was feeling compassionate at that time though ive no tissue so i thought my form of compassion lol of asking around for it but i cant stand the look on her face ah
i love how comforted i feel when im around hunters sweet family
i love this video
Better get a paternity test sorted for my munchkin of a partner and his equally munchkin daughter, he'll be thrilled.
I live in America and wish I could support them but they're on the wrong coast.
[NAME] loves it
They don't want equal rights. They want extra rights.
Wish i had more up votes for you.
I need to save this for hipster resistance supporters
That's my favorite type of plane.
If its affecting your mental health, you know what to do. You have a commitment to yourself first and foremost.
When I was a kid I had the biggest crush on [NAME] from Footballer's Wives. She's hard as hell now.
i am feeling naughty with my thebalm nude tude naughty palette a href http
im now sat in work on a late shift putting the finishing touches to tomorrows paper and feeling ever so slightly delicate
Love reading these kind of posts! So happy for you.
i do feel pressure to provide my faithful reader with a mock draft ive decided to go forth promising to emphasise speculation rather than educated mock over draft
Hey, you sound like you're living my exact life. It's a good life. Enjoy sharing the love.
Are you okay? What's wrong?
Dude I love these
You'll be stronger as you continue your journey, never give up
If I may suggest patience, if your data is still there, you might want to read a little before open heart surgery.
Replace OG for [NAME] then, remove the pick, add [NAME] for salary. I love OG but [NAME] worth it
i feel that is a lovely change in the modern mothers
I wanna see a video proving it's fake though
[NAME] is also very creative with the puck, I'm mostly liking the new guys so far.
Oh you just love to see that
i am feeling a little less delicate i will attempt to clean up this hovel
Love the new intro song.
I like this kid
But [NAME], this is a chance for me to fulfill my lifelong dream.
i am feeling a little nostalgic about it
I love how people complain about too many midfielders yet still want [NAME].
If you've got a problem with [NAME], then you've got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate
Comedown is only a tenth of addiction. Addiction is when you find a high that you love more than yourself. Be careful.
To be honest I miss the deep bomb on 3rd and 2. Watching the Browns game reminded me how I always love when it worked.
Calm down [NAME].
i had just bought some stuff in guardian for contests and was feeling a bit too over the top if i grabbed indiscriminately in caring as well
ive been feeling passionate about local business lately and i do like to walk through consignment stores and second hand shops just as much as i enjoy goodwill
Don't worry we'll just whip up a quick song!
i can t help but feel nostalgic every time i listen to it
Leave it alone hopefully it won't pop overnight
She was probably suspended to protect her from the angry mobs protesting outside the school edit: here's a better article
i feel very nostalgic because i have enjoyed this essence
I just love the fact that [NAME] is giving advice on Sex offenders
I'm liking the bums
love after lockup makes DOT posts look like the most sensible things ever!!!!
I love the immediate cut from the gladiator dying to the defeat screen. Makes it funnier
I love her attitude and confidence! She has such good sportsmanship
Hope + Sabres = Mistake Just remember that you love hockey and do your best to enjoy the ride.
Hi, [NAME]! I am here to offer you a robot hug, and to wish you the best day of your life! -HappyFriendlyBot
I wish someone were there to scream this at me every day.
You’ll love r/2healthbars
Wanting to have immigration controls is in no way, shape, or form racist.
Here, you are among friends. I wish we all could meet you in real life and surround you with smiles and hugs. Are you in Utah?
I might have accidentally brought some back when I went to Peru. 🤦🏻‍♀️ Ah man I loved pisco.
That's some animal cruelty right there, someone help this poor creature.
If it was super easy to get citizenship. I would love to.
Wish more people shared your thoughts, it will make the world a better place.
god i love [NAME]
Bless you.
I like Kyber
I will upvote any gif that has [NAME] as Dr. [NAME] in it. I loved her performance in Maniac.
Same. OP go hug your mom and tell her she matters to you and your brother. Support and love would be your best bet.
i find myself crying over loosing everything that i have everything that i am not really proud of and i feel such a loyal connection to what s around me
Wow...is that true? I’d love to see more on that. Can you provide any links or documents on that?
I love this sub. You are my people. ;)
Cuties! Love you!
i feel that our values need to be shifted in the direction of caring for all things on earth for each other and for the planet we live on
Just try really hard to not ghost her and give her some kind of closure. Ghosting will most likely hurt more... Good luck.
i begin to feel that every waking moment is devoted to work
Sorry you are still being messaged by ugly guys, that must be really tough, you are brave for still using the site sweatie
Lol i love this person
Don't let loneliness get in the way of growth. Grow my man, grow!
Would it make you feel any better, little girl, if they was pushed out of windows?
Pleasure. I hope you find the virtues you are seeking in life my friend.
It is his welcome, he can do with it as he wishes. Your misunderstanding is forgiven.
Good luck to him.
I like your enthusiasm and hope for the same outcome, but as the old saying goes- don't count your eggs before they hatch.
Of course the one Ospreys player was my boi [NAME] <3
Hell yes 😁 I loved it.
i feel all hot and bothered and most of all i worry and worry some more and boy do i worry
i am feeling incredibly generous i will allow mike to spoon for about minutes and then i start panic breathing and he gets the idea and rolls over to his side of the bed
I love this. Just be racist against everyone and then it's fine!
They should have burned that shit to the ground and used the insurance money to buy another used one.
Just keep trying. Dont give up! If you are getting numbers that is half the battle...seriously.
I love that [NAME] knows to have both hands visible in the photo with that young girl. Better safe than sorry.
I wish I could make a garden
Loved his wife.
Yup, but I love wegman's so much, although I am curious as which one this is... I am guessing Jersey or DC area
id recommend using it before washing with a shower gel the oil does leave a residue behind which does feel lovely but its not particularly practical and also has a brownish tint to it
Have a good day at work bud
I'm supposed to be going to see [NAME] at the cinema tonight. Truely resenting this decision, want to watch [NAME] so bad
My seven year old usually wants to change behind closed doors and her decision is respected
I enjoy the harsh throat hit, reminds me of cigs. Edit: Mango is still my favorite though.
Damn its like that tv show on Netflix called You. Stay safe and hope everything works out for you.
I love chicken
This is amazing and exactly how I feel about him. I love [NAME] and [NAME] but this is why Nuge is my favourite NUGE IS HUUUUUUUGE
i realize that the vision that i had for it at the beginning is not what i feel passionate about any more
i know i am not alone in this feeling and a supportive community is the antidote
I did not know that! I love me some quality evil dead
We should sign him to a 4.5AAV contract now that he has already proved himself as an elite starter in the NHL.
i wonder if he feels like i dont care about him when i stop caring about me
I love that you have such a great relationship with your brother. Your parents seem pretty great too; if a bit exasperated by you in particular : )
i like that she's just kind of meeting people and dating. I wouldn't even really call it a triangle tbh.
i feel so often when i roll through my beloved new york that so little is done for so many if i start to write about race colour religion and sexual preference and gender identity my readers will say hey mia what s up are you confused
I love that idea!! And the homework is almost always work that wasnt finished in class. None of her teachers assign homework unless its a project.
“I love food! Or “I’m a foodie!”
i feel like a hot mess
i didn t feel like i could face the day but i clung onto the verse the lord is gracious and compassionate as i started the morning
i could feel blake more sharply and i felt a little more delicate i guess you could say
i cant totally defend her the woman wanted to be famous and nobody around her seems to be able to tell her how to handle fame britney leave los angeles when you can for starters but i am starting to feel a lot more sympathetic toward her
I mean dug into cities and the like, the only urban fighting Turkey's done this whole war was in al-Bab and we all know how that went.
I hope your life is as lovely as you are
I don’t set an alarm I naturally wake around 4am. Love my mornings.
Gee I wish.
i cried through it all but i remember them blessing us to feel comfort and i remember feeling a sweet spirit
Lay off the drugs dude
I like you both.
Get out now. She's playing mental games with you. Play nice but plan your exit. Ask me how I know.
His loss! A child is the most precious thing life has to offer. Good riddance, you deserve better.
She reminds me of my crazy sister. Just a ball of nervousness and constantly just on the verge of crying.
How did your consultation go? I would really love to hear what it was like. I'm starting to think about my future consult too.
Multiply it by hundreds to account for all employees of the store and then yes, it is true Also love how they mock the mentally disabled here. 10/10 /s
I love rational comments.
i feel completely submitted and devoted to a href http www
Added you mate well I’ve just got the bow and I love the hunting aspect of the game so happily join you hunting and what not
i feel like i would have liked the ending better
The furry community loves it.
Interesting. I’m not a troll.But if it makes you feel better...
i have a feeling i took so much time but kuya buddy and kuya angee have been very supportive all the way
That's so horrible. I am so sorry that you had to endure that abuse. I hope that you have a bed that you love now.
I Wish the answer were that or simple
That they will always love me despite how erratic I am and that they will always care about me, even if I haven't seen them in years.
bro if you can't hold your pee for 30 min, you should go see a doctor
As much as I like [NAME], losing [NAME] still has to hurt. He’s just so damn lovable
I want to learn this, but booze seems to make me even more silent.
I like Nurse. He shows grit. This is the stuff [NAME] should be doing.
im supposed to feel compassionate towards that little girl but i feel like she never existed
I love that! We need a "We have cookies" line for her, now!
I would love to see [NAME] play all 60 minutes but nah. [NAME] needs to chill.
To bad we aren’t getting [NAME] vs [NAME] and [NAME] literally burning it down to close out mania. But man I love this belt.
i will gladly endure a million emotional blowouts and tantrums for the privilege of feeling her tender hands in mine
Haha, I love that! :) I'll see if he's interested now
Dude take the medicine. It helps.
She's not more than 17. And I love teenage [NAME]. Don't want her adult.
I care. How are you today?
Back to back against Nashville and Vegas. Fuck I love this team.
Unless he has actually threatened to or used them against you I think you're over reacting. Ask him to please delete them.
I like Celtic fans more than Buck fans
Love your username!
i love this i am big fun of cross over and Lore Skin
i suddenly feel that this is more than a sweet love song that every girls could sing in front of their boyfriends
[NAME] met and fell in love with her wines I see.
i do now as compared with years ago is that i no longer feel i have to be accepted by others only those who matter to me
Bless his heart
I wish mine believed in it. Haha. He was just bouncing on his bed and laughing, then crying. Maybe he’ll get it eventually.
[NAME] love for you
i feel like if i had a job worth caring about i wouldn t be so shifty
im feeling strangely sympathetic to little milly tonight so much so im going to use his real name
i feel loyal to him in some ways so respect his wish not to tell anyone but it is killing me keeping it inside
Tell them personally how you feel and that you want things to change for better
i feel about the plight of these dogs so its lovely to find a turkish vet who really cares
I love them, it's so fun to jump around everywhere
You should probably use that time to make a decent argument not the other thread then, I'm just going to leave you here .
I would love if a double amputee walked in and have watched as they decline the poor fellar service
i am feeling quite fond of my friends
....that's *naiveté*, break the cycle... ## DONT BE NEGATIVE 3.0
I like the head bounce. He can ask the concussion to hold his beer, it will be strong...
i feel that the moment you adopt a sense of caring for others it brings you inner strength
Become proficient with firearms and learn a second language if your in the us I'd suggest spanish
i feel that artists should be supportive of one another not stretching to find ways for others not to be able to express themselves in their love of art too
I know they're probobly not good but I love charged hadoken into vskill combos/mixups. It makes her fireball more interesting than just a zoning tool.
i was thinking about a post i wrote earlier mulling over the memories it brought to the surface tossing them around in my head and began to feel this gentle tug this little nudge deep down that began to vibrate and morph into something solid
You'll be okay. Just remember that none of that was real, and that nobody knows. Been there so many times. Hang in there.
How’d you get out there? I miss the west. Love NYC tho
Love the use of ginormous ... so true
i don t want any of you to feel left out i am offering a discount on my tea totes to you my beloved readers beginning today through april th
I think I love you mate😂
i feel like this because i start being naughty in order to validate my existance
You have much to learn
can he break throws though? just kidding. yellow is the season 2 green, OP dude. keep focussing on small steps. better rank will follow later.
I want [NAME] to come back and do [NAME]
Get a lawyer for starters. Be prepared. Don't sit on your arse and flip flop. Find out what you really want and then do it.
Don't care. Have fun. Got better things to do.
Steakspeare in Love
I love people that will go out of their way to save a small animal from traffic. Always help the cute ones! And they're all cute!!
I love the enthusiasm inherent in the scream. I never saw anything wrong with it. Not to mention the most innocent, innocuous dancing video ever.
Haha! I love it. That’s exactly how it would go.
He gets to watch boxing for free and get paid for it. It's probably his dream job. I'm happy for him! :)
im feeling as if im not caring and i dont want to fail my finals
I love when [NAME] plays like this
[NAME]. I like those moments on Reddit when you understood the reference.
Our future overlords are learning how to walk and help out around the house. Growing up so fast they are. Remember that I love you
I suggest that you start by not apologising before you do something harmless (e.g. the beginning of this thread)
Don’t be ashamed of what you like. You have a good day, fellow redditor.
i still don t feel so hot i said as aj frowned
I have literally been waiting for a “ [NAME]” I’m from Ontario Canada and love Texas.
i reckon this is fair enough yes the queen is their monarch but they are so geographically removed from her and her presence that i appreciate that many australians may feel more loyal to their country and own communities than to the queen herself
Love me some FA cup
Have some more faith in him, it sounds like your husband is trying his best.
I like him in Friends from College too!
i made sure to go all out for him since i was feeling him and i liked how we complimented each other
She did you a favor by not dragging it out. Cut bait and move on.
I wish I could be as cute as that :c
Hopefully no one was sitting on his lap at the time!
i feel that i have got my looks and sweet nature from my mom
i love the discussions in the class and feel passionate about feminist issues but when i go to write it down it feels as though i am faking it
I honestly wouldve thought the same if i hadnt seen it here before either. Is all good brother. Happy hunting!
The loving mother referred to her son as "the one with acne". He's better off.
I love how he said he was moving on and then didn't move on. Classic [NAME]!!
I love it, I understand they can't just get rid of [NAME] for her, but I would be so angry watching [NAME] boss her around.
Start a relaxing bedtime routine. Goggle sleep hygiene and make sure yours is good. Get over your weird thing about reading and try it!
i feel some control over caring for the little ones finances future decisions family tensions tough friendships you name it
I agree. You’ll need to ask the school when you interview.
It really do be like that
Yeah, I'm happy to help an actual friend in need, but not some distant acquaintance "friend".
I love listening to their votes and stuff. It's always so rowdy I love it
Make sure your Cats are in a safe and loving place.
Yay, cold McDonald's. My favorite.
i feel i have been too damn considerate of others in the area of interpretations
I'm sorry to hear that. Wish I could be here to help you, stay strong
im strictly on coke and jo still feeling a tad delicate after last nights bucket of doom anaesthetic
You will love Happy People! Perfect to watch when you're snowed/iced in.
I love the burn
Get him back -- as in figure out what went wrong and see what you can do
You must be heartbroken, I’m so sorry. Can you start seeing a therapist?
Don't worry about it.
I loved that show. “The [NAME] is back!”
...if there is a way to edit this to "original content" I'd love some coaching on that. Thanks folks!
Sorry for your loss; this story is heartwarming.
It may get you pregnant so just make sure you eat all her birth control before hand.
Or, or.....hear me out on this....have a cup of tea (UK) and then just move the problem to a different location.
i still feel a craving for sweet food
I love this movie! One of my favorite little touches is the music [NAME] character is listening to
I would love it! [NAME] has a history of injuries just like [NAME] used to!!! Do it!!
Gotta love the mermaid gems.
“I thought I was suppose to love 2018 wtf”
Post them all! Love old pics.
i get the feeling they genuinely liked being out here and appreciated the place
i really love eating fresh figs because they feel so delicate and look so much prettier than the ugly dried figs
Yep and what a wonderful land it is. My favorite place in the world Edit: omg everybody so mad 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
It was tough at first, but I'm slowly learning to love again.
Please keep going, this is just making you look worse
i know im probably preaching to the choir on this one but i feel very passionate about the health and well being of my american friends who i love dearly
Get your nose hair waxed. Trust me on this.
i am feeling more generous though i see it for what it is someone who doesn t know what we are going through from the insdie and is desperate to be helpful in some measure
I love how dramatic it is. It's perfectly self aware
You are not to be truffled with!!! Good luck to you!!
First and foremost you have to Love YOURSELF!!
I'd love to have [NAME] on our team....
i just take control and baby when you kiss my lips and when you kiss my thighs you got me think of the perfect sh t and it always feel so tender and mild when you got your love in between mines
Please don’t do that. You can do better
i am not really sure how this came about but ive been feeling a lot more compassionate and forgiving lately
i just wanted to feel beloved at that moment
We really need to go on some sort of winning streak
Aww yesss assalamu ‘alaykum akhi i love when i see a reflective post by you in here
i do awaken from a mild night sweat i usually feel hot as if i had a fever and i want to remove some of my blankets
i feel is that they are fond of themselves and ok second thought really sensitive to spelled everything here
i got the feeling she really liked her new quilt
I know! BTW I love your choice of critter. Penguins are fabulous.
im feeling like life is fairly sweet
I wanna give [NAME] a mosquito bite
i feel the need to jump through a bunch of hoops to enable myself to watch by beloved often befuddled bengals just in time for them to start losing again
I like it!
Avoid. Without a contract he can kick you out at short notice any time And when you pay a deposit make sure it's protected.
I wish I had been born there :(
That’s always good to be away from toxic people like that. Try to keep yourself from those types of people, they can ruin your life.
i have been told that these same vendors feel like they might end up supporting much more than just one more platform as linux has many popular distribution releases these days
I love you
I'd love him to get a pick6/scoop and score and chief slam on them
Absolutely. I'd love it. No matter how much I like the guy, if he just goes for it that's not cool.
I like [NAME] better
i did feel sympathy for him and liked him more by the end of the story however i dont feel that enough time was spent on his turn around
i feel all our time is devoted to scheduling instead of actually making the center be top notch
Hey cool! I'm a cow. I love milk. Drink a litre a day at least. Love me some moo juice.
"What do Scottish people look like?" How I would love to have been there to take a swing at that softball.
i am torn about the situation because it happens a lot but they have supported me and i feel like i should be supporting her again now
aw momma big hugs.
But the alt right love him! /s
I enjoy therapy...everyone's different I guess...I don't think there really is any other alternative....sexual abuse need professional help.
I love Dr [NAME] and [NAME] at 8 West Dental in downtown. Edit: Called Dr [NAME] the wrong name.
They´ve been around since World Pride. I love this city :D
i feel so blessed to be experiencing this season of my life as a new mother
I wonder what the laws are if you bartered for a gun. I wash your car, you give me a glock.
Why do you use your valuable time to hate? We only got time to love each other and ourselves.
I like you
i feel like i m teetering on the edge of hoarding insanity when it comes to my beloved clothing
im the type who doesnt use a moisturizer as my skin is too oily so this product is designed to contain a ton of moisturizing ingredients that will make my skin feel lovely without oils
i have a few favourites of my own but the choice of book is up to you or you can have a dvd if you are us or uk im feeling generous so the limit is up to which is about something like that
i now feel a longing for knowledge
I wish I could forget about the redesign. Sadly reddit is adamant about reminding me all the time it exists.
That would really piss them off
I agree with this post times a billion and also: Save [NAME]! Love the name. Huge Fight Club fan.
I hope you can be saved one day. Bless you.
i can t feel saddened or that i should just stop caring
Saw that on Scrubs, love that show.
Yes. It feels sharp and hurts in the chest sometimes. It will pass, but it freaking sucks. I'm here to listen, if you want❤
But he's relieving pressure. Just count yourself lucky he doesn't cough when he farts.
I love the guy who is like "the analogy is daft. Cheese would sink", like that isn't the point.
surprise surprise! cbs loves this phony old wannabee
i feel naughty and dirty sometimes but this gives me certain pleasure so why not
That's capitalism for you, don't worry though. There's another recession on the way.
I love your honesty. What you wrote expresses fears and questions similar to mine. Thank you so much.
But come on babe, you know you want me babe...l.o.l. JK Babe ;)
I would love to get microblading but its so iffy about if it’ll be good or not. I’ve seen a lot of terrible turn outs
I'd still try to pet it
Start taking psyllium husk and literally every poop will be your best.
I feel you! Sending love and support
I’m so sorry that happened to you. Are you feeling okay now? Thank you for the concern. ❤️❤️❤️
Love the username.
Loving the circle-jeck hate, how about not getting so triggered by other people taking offense at an ad
im feel especially affectionate toward and blessed by r shannon and the other close family friends who made my birthday very special
I like your name.
I love your username, btw. Happy new year!
I moved from the midwest to AK about 6 months ago. Loving the Mat- Su winter compared to the midwest. DO NOT miss the wind at all.
I love stories that end well. Makes the new year even better.
I loved it so much! I really wish they had better paths for [NAME] though. Poor guy!
i could feel her loving gaze on me as i made my way down between her legs
I like turtles.
i was in sams angsty headspace jensens voice singing bon jovi was making me feel horny as hell
im feeling generous or in a restaurant like the mandarin grill which has a fairly stellar reputation this impression may be extended to edible yet decorative garnishes like samphire
i had really felt quite good and safe about having the baby at home although there are always risks but i still feel blessed about how everything turned out
i feel like my fear of end times is gone and i am honestly longing for home more than i ever have in my life
Its [NAME]! Love that guy, classic example of a Solo Slooper who just tries rather than complains :)
i don t really feel like doing much but maybe something gentle
I like the fact that you like it a lot.
Would love for us to go to [NAME] and give them Tammy for peanuts with a buyback
he's gotta make shots and get to the line...2-6 so far, no ft's
I feel like I'd actually really like the song all together
Rough. Poor woman.
i could feel his breath on me and smell the sweet scent of him
ive been coughing for the past few days now and my stomach muscles are definitely feeling rather tender the sore throat is a new development as is the runny nose
She likes her dogs despite this incident. But thanks for your input Mr. [NAME].
One of my favorite post fight moments, [NAME] is a funny guy.
One day I just want to show up to my parents’ with a Starbucks cup or maybe some Taco Bell on a Sunday.
I like how the [NAME] stood there like what the fuck and then just accepted his death.
i can t let go of that sad feeling that i want to be accepted here in this first home of mine
[NAME] pretty famous for that. I love the show but there is an entire episode that is blatant anti-nuclear energy fear mongering.
He’s my #1 pick for HC. Love this guy!
I'm sorry for your loss. Also send a Mass card.
See him live if you haven’t already. One of my favorites to see in concert.
Lol, I love you you drunk bastard!! Now CHUG!!
[NAME] is a madman and I love it.
I really hope we see another fighter like him he was so fun to watch, a fighting machine with that killer instinct
i was feeling a lot of self pride that i was supporting us all as peter went back to school all our bills were getting paid on time and i was actually planning a summer vacation trip with my kids to this
I'm the opposite. I love spending time with friends but initiating it always gives me anxiety, so I generally wait for them to do something.
OLD can be a dangerous place. Gotta stay safe somehow!
My fiancé had it custom made as an early Valentine’s Day gift!
I would love it if they could, but I don't think his trade value is that high
i have to get it in my head that i didnt do anything wrong its just of them have feelings for someone else and one just doesnt appear very considerate
If it's legal where you live, then it doesn't really matter what anyone thinks.
Finally I feel like it’s been ages. Dude needs to really beef up this offseason don’t focus on anything else.
i lapped it up getting applications from each of the sachets gave me enough of feel of it to decide that i really liked the product and then this little ml tube of another rose night cream came along and again ive been lapping it up and loving it
i feel the responsibility of loving them even more
i feel like the only person i ever truly loved was a guy whom we shall call mr
My kids (and yes, I as well) love [NAME] metal version.
i feel a bit naughty like ive snuck into my parents room snooping for christmas presents or something
i feel to my father in heaven and to your mommy for your sweet life
i feel this way as this version of myself gentle gazing i realise something over and over again
JAEGER CALM DOWN!
I crave nuts and nut butter all 👏 the 👏 damn 👏 time. I think my body know they’re calorie and nutrient dense 😂
I wish this was animated.
I remember seeing that scene the first time and being like.... I loved Princess [NAME] before, but now... something is different
I love you for making this
I wanna see this line up... not cause I think we’ll win with them but i just want to see it. [NAME] [NAME] [NAME]
Too cute for me. Why cant i have a boyfriend *[NAME]*
i feel like life is an affectionate older sibling
I like how she was trying to stop the fight, then just gave up and started throwing them too.
i cant help but feel that youll just break me again and that you might not be as faithful as you seem
i feel like i probably would have liked this book a little bit more if it wasn t such a simple story line
Let's get petty! Love it
i love you and i feel so blessed to spend another year with you
You might want to let your attorney know about this encounter. I wish I could send you some teabags and a hug.
I take care of my kids!
You have nothing to feel bad about. It sounds like he needs to grow up and start paying his way.
I love you [NAME], you is my only friend.
i know what it feels like to legitemately liked by someone that somehow got me to feel the same way which trust me takes alot i want that in my life
i feel your presence beloved
i know many of my readers are also non make up wearers and i know we sometimes feel a longing to at least do something to touch ourselves up
I want G League over here in Spokane so bad!
That would be terrible. I liked the way private Practice ended (more or less) so hopefully [NAME] doesn’t go for something cliche.
Gotta love the "its a metaphor" guy, who has apparently never read any other comments by [NAME]
Your old enough to call the police. Don't let him put hands on you again.
Ice at the office sounds like such a luxury to me! I wish!
i feel accepted welcomed
You can find the light! Maybe get a pet to love :)
I'll always be here to accept you. :)
I might be having carrot cake tonight!!! I love it! And that coffee sounds like the perfect pair! Enjoy it
I love the fact that he is a complicated character makes it challenging
Idk you seem pretty miserable and really bitter and angry. It must be exhausting and I hope you find happiness some day.
i hope youre all feeling very fond of me by now
You deserve better. Good things will come. Hang in there.
You’ll know it’s true love when he proposals you after 5 days.
[NAME]. And I’m not even trolling. I seriously love him.
ive been feeling like i cant put a lot into this because hes not caring about it anyway
> but [NAME] shut her up see this is why we love [NAME] so much
im really feeling hot comfort foods this week
LWX YOU SEXY BEAST
You need help.
i think back through jesus many miracles it feels like he takes each case individually and heals them in a way that will be the most loving and helpful to them
This makes me want Lancaster to be cannon! It’ll probably never happen though😥.
Haha ik I SHOULD be. But I still love em both like a red headed step child.
i feel for them supporting a team that has traded a musical chairs management rotation for no proper manager at all
-20 here and I took the dog for a walk. He's lucky I love him.
[NAME], he fucked everything up so bad.....and I love him but, damn
i live in philadelphia pa and i m pretty sure if he said you were just under and drove you home he was feeling sympathetic and if he was going to ticket you he would have right then and there
Go in appropriate attire with several copies of your resume and list of references! Good luck!
Thanks I love him
Stay safe. Love from KY!
I hope they bring him back. Last year was awesome
I love how you are a individual just trying to be yourself. I always say sexuality is the least interesting things about yourself.
That makes a lot of sense. I wish I knew how to stop myself from doing it tho
I'm sure you're alright, [NAME]. xD
Samsies! I could have written the feels in this post. It's like the job I never ever wanted and got and now I've tenure
I love people watching from the balcony here
Fear - that's it. You need to work on identifying and overcoming your fears.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** rebel_alliance05! ^(hug)
im feeling a little tender in my wood works
Hey everyone I like my braves subbreddit without advertisements
Lol I’d love to.
I love this show!!
Praying for you to find peace soon, man.
I love this comment
can you share it here? I would love to be able to support you and watch your success!
i could genuinely feel loving toward someone without them ever knowing it if i dont act like it
I'd love it if we actually rotated instead of running players into the ground.
Only joking, love the show and almost any meme involving it gets my upvote. 👍
I like this man.
Most likely it’s not a tumour since cancerous tumours aren’t usually painful. You still should go check it out ASAP.
i were honest i could admit to those feelings from time to time but as jonah knows god is gracious and lucky for jonah and me god is still gracious gracious to people like us
You can say what you want about USM, but we love our baseball.
Can attest. Vitamin deficiency here. Certain vitamins help alleviate bags under my well-rested eyes.
im feeling generous lets make it a a href https www
I like this one she looks like she's basking in the warmth of the sun and just taking it all in it came out real nice partner
i feel so fucking horny
Dear Lord [NAME]...... loving those numbers!
Yeah, you're getting points. Bring your insurance documents as well just to save yourself the trip back. They will ask for them.
i who you cant help but feel sympathetic towards is a bit of a geek
I wish [NAME] made the levels up to 100.
I'd love me some JVG, but not that [NAME] freak [NAME]...
Besides, Canada is extremely choosy about the kind of people they allow in.
No hate TGR I love you
Minor character but I love [NAME].
i feel especially passionate about the friendships and support network that we enjoy as a part of womens ministry at befc today
ill admit to feeling very nostalgic when i see photos of my sweet little girl in halloween costumes i made for her and i dream of the day that ill be called upon to fashion a small costume for a grandchild
You have mental problems dude. Get off the internet and get a life.
I love that I’m smart, but not so smart that I’m socially awkward.
Don't worry if you're from hot, we can share my slice (:
I don't care what anyone says I love [NAME].
Please concentrate on ignoring that hateful troll
i still feel the longing to be with you inspite of you sitting in front of me
[NAME] [NAME] is like the 72hrs from console of course we like him wtf<3
i really need to be at church to feel gods gentle touch in my life
i feel really horny when i wear them they hug my c k balls really nicely
I love it. More bad blood. Cod esports baby!!
Omg I want this dog ❤️❤️❤️
i can really spend some time wit him soon and feel loved again
He's becoming a more subtle [NAME]. I like it
Not paranoid , just cautious I do the same thing buddy I'm not going to leave it up to chance
cross post to /r/palestine they will love this
I love it, made me smile. Glad he is helping out animal friends!
i don t feel that my society has accepted me whole heartedly
Loved every part of this series so far!! Keep up the good work!
Yes the ammo health thing really is a chore. Too much realism. we want have some fun in a realistic setting, not a simulator.
I like it. But I'm not the most fashionable fella out here.
It’s 5:11am over here. Good luck dude.
ive decided that the exes you had a real strong feeling whether love or just extremley caring you cant be just friends with them because it will eventually blow up in your face
I love the 'Keep it simple' style! Hope mod won't sleep at this. :D
I'd love if Sony use [NAME] as [NAME] in a Venom movie. I want [NAME]
i love [NAME]. itd be incredible to see her
Guessing the bra sizes of anime characters after having stared at them for so long... That's... an interesting hobby.
i felt towards my dad growing up i think it eerily parallels how i feel towards romantic interests now
Those other people who gave the second one to the boy are pricks. The girl obviously loves hockey more.
I love the north east. Can’t say much for the rest though
I like how she calls him racist, when he didn’t actually say anything racist.
[NAME] line of drool made me very happy I waited to watch this til I was eating dinner i love the power hour so much
Yeah I love all of my little rejects. They keep my wife warm when I've got a night shift.
i must feel loving toward everyone
Wow, I'm sorry you had to deal with that. I trust better things are coming for you.
So Much Feeling in One Picture , Great Love It :)
The problem is that data shows graphics sell, gameplay doesn't. It really sucks though, I wish they gave us a toggle at least
What a wonderful post. Such love. Thanks so much.
Sleep tight [NAME]!
I love any story that includes the phrase: "Some gypsies showed up".
He probably just doesn't want to hurt the ex's feelings. But if you're concerned, ask him yourself if things are only okay
i feel there is going to be a sequel and i would have liked to have had the closure of this book ending
i stood inside the chabad sukkah watching the sunlight filter through the woven schach of the roof and feeling the gentle breeze coming through the open lattice walls i began to relax
i was starting to feel somewhat sympathetic toward ms finke
I hate this and I love you for sharing it
I love how [NAME] delivers the Italian lines.
i have this comic and I love this bit!
Totally disagree. I love this look.
i would feel sometimes still feel a longing and a desire to come closer feel the old oak trees walk the old trails listen to the quiet smell the wild bushes
"I'm sorry mam, but we dont allow children in the store unattended, so you are going to have to leave."
Yay, I hope so! I'm feeling good about this decade.
i was definitely feeling nostalgic and was a bit sad when one of my favorite exhibitions the hall of ocean life was closed
[NAME] loves his Starbucks!
i feel like i havent been as compassionate toward him as i should be
i feel like in order to live a compassionate life this is an essential piece of the puzzle for me
i appreciate when i open up to the universe and i feel and receive gentle nudges both through small happenstances and clues that present themselves and also through dreams
Maybe concerned about you being underweight? She is probably concerned you don’t eat enough and is trying to help you
Thanks! I love watching him every week
i sense and keeps catching my attention is the feeling of the beloved s love pouring out of and through me touching those i encounter in a palpably strong way
Wish you good luck
As a non-religious that’s fascinated by [RELIGION], I love this 😅.
Might as well try though! Have a good day bro!
i made it for when i was feeling affectionate
Oh man, good luck man. Stay strong!
I loved [NAME]. She was too fine. [NAME] and [NAME] too. S1 babes were the best.
i remember a couple of years ago i was feeling romantic and dreamy and asked him wonder if we ll celebrate our th anniversary
I was the following season, would have loved to see this game and the Boro final!
I loved coming across this today! Nice work!!
Gettysburg is awesome, I've been twice. I want to go back as an adult! Have fun!
i could never feel the kind of security intimacy and love that i have been longing for in this lifetime
Ah i wish i would’ve come across one! Just left though Unfortunately :( in Manchester now
This...is so beautiful. The stuff of dreams for sure. ❤️
I know! I'd buy this for my unit my coworkers would love it 😂
You, I like you
She didn't hit any of the notes but I still love [NAME] so much.
I wish I can go 90 days challenge
I hope [NAME] makes a full recovery.
i am feeling blessed that i live in america have a wonderful family and that dorothy kelsey was a part of my life
I saw the video and liked it, but I should say: Man, you almost make me dizzy by moving your head that much. 😀😀
i talk to dogs as i feel they cannot understand words but they can read emotions and know how to be supportive i decided i should go home
Damn, I was really hoping for some comeuppance at the end, but at least you no longer have her for a boss, so silver lining.
I really like him goat and [NAME] on the 4th line. They've been real solid. Absolute beauty of a first goal. Congrats, trevor.
Love Mac n Gold
cheers to everyone who voted for me; i love all you guys!! here's to another great year of memes and laughs!
i have a sick feeling a longing for each second to be with you even though that will inevitably make it worse when you leave liverpool
I'm sorry :( I hope this year ends up being incredible for you in ways you never anticipated, to make up for it. Hugs.
i prefer to sit in the large room at the back with its wooden floor and upholstered chairs which has a timeless feel in summer a gentle breeze blows through the floral curtains as you savour your large piece of cake or perhaps some of their famous a href http en
She’s still not gonna message you dude I promise
I like turtles
We love our murder queen
That poor soul
It will hurt, try to take your mind off things, and try to understand why it hurts
I love you. I think that helps me a lot.
i feel blessed to be on this journey so quickly and honored to help
I pray to [NAME] that we will be aware of people's sins in the afterlife when we watch them burn.
i feel so strongly about telling my loved ones
I am in distance relationship so this probably me and my boyfriend for this valentine. This suppose to be our first valentine.
I LOVE your glasses! I have the same color but a slightly different shape but yours really suit your face! Also I'm jealous of your hair 🤷‍♀️
1. Well said. 2. I like your style. 3. Prove it.
Go take care of your boy up top of this chain, then we'll talk.
I really like your writing!
Ah I didn’t think of that second definition of end. I like it!
I love foreign money. I enjoy making origami from it.
Look I also love dragons, but this is just not a dragon, ok? Have some Toothless *hugs*.
You know he was too distracted by "boobies" on his teen wife to care about the realistic possible outcomes of rushing into marriage with a teen.
[NAME] ever love the busses
I like [NAME] because she hates America
I love sliding so yea
[NAME] better be careful. He'll be next.
i miller production dialog new media feeling generous
i feel your gentle stare and feel your love
What are the sequels called? Loved Infernal Affairs
We *do* deserve animals if we give them lovings! Don’t talk so down about yourself, silly .. that’s what that kitty would say !
i feel blessed that i am free to be me
im busy i just bask in that fabulous overwhelming feeling and when i have really nothing to do i just live my life as a cat would just caring about sleeping and eating
i feel so accepted
Glad [NAME] found some love in his life
i feel like i rather have loyal readers than followers that don t ever look at my blog
i was feeling really horny all afternoon with no one to fulfill ma sexual desire and only had my bed and creative thoughts to help me out and not forgetting my handss which aahhh work like magic
I love the arm blasts on the ice. That dude was determined and loves his dog. Very cool.
this is super cute, i love it
i feel regret for my beloved city
I hate how much I love it
[NAME] has been really blunt about things lately, I love it.
Mostly because of the hype. I love going out with my friends!
Love to see pics like this.
No mercy, if there is any man left inside you than walk out now.
NOPE. Comox Valley and loving it!!
look more 4th grade comments. sorry you're a child who has no brain. I bet your mother wishes she had a child who lived.
She has a disorder of sorts. Not only do you both need counseling, but she needs some kind of therapy.
No worries! But I figure the written recipe should be handy for some folks.
i sometimes feel is a gentle reminder of why we are adopting
dear... husband
Hmmmmm. I'll have to go pay that sub a visit.
About as serious as my plans to marry a porn star and retire to the Bahamas.
Why tho... I don't understand why I like this so much
I'm told I look like [NAME] with a ponytail but I wanna look like [NAME]
i feel like i am supposed to be faithful to her
The day I die is the day I'm happy
i feel very blessed to have a new team of doctors that are by my side and listen
i use a small p size amount or p if im feeling generous and massage the milk into my skin in little sections and if i feel an area needs more then i can apply more
i also feel devoted to my profession because i get ever so annoyed when i see things that would adversely bring adverse publicity on our profession like some hearnsays from ill informed patients the media and some ignorant politicians making use of health care as a tool to boost their publicity
i feel specially fond of
Man I really need to get back into this show
Would love to own a deck like this 😍
I love crows!!!!
I've always wanted to eat Youngstown State's mascot
Oh i already watched the whole thing when it aired. That match was awesome! I just wanna rewatch the last 20 mins of the womens rumble
Oh that's lovely.
LOVE JAMES TOO
Focus on yourself and not on finding a relationship. It sounds like you have a lot of personal issues to work on and are projecting your problems.
i tried to fill it by befriending people that i knew were only using me but i didnt care because i needed to feel accepted even if it was by some complete loser
Excellent work thank you for this. This is why I love Reddit.
i want to feel affectionate
i want to capture this feeling and put it into words so i can again gain the sweet taste in my mouth right now
I love [NAME]. He's another great option for 6th man.
I take showers at night and I desperately need one atm. My hair has been really greasy recently.
their just mad because i love olicity and i think it's the best ship in the whole arrowverse. oh and because i think laurel is trash.
Lilo and Stitch is one of my favorites. I really want to go buy a stuffed Stitch to hug now.
Don't worry, he's getting Karma.
Im loving these DBS and canuck meme mixtures
Not a good time to make life altering plans like moving in with him right now. Good luck, though. [NAME]
I love our cheese curds both fresh and deep fried. So good. And now I'm hungry.
i use this wash as it is really nice and soothing and leaves my skin feeling lovely and its pink so bonus
i like reading it and feeling sympathetic for people and my mind creates all the descriptive background and scenes the author describes about it
Some girls will like you, some girls won't. The end.
i feel is very delicate
Man I love reddit.
I love how someone put a laughing emoji on that.
i wanted to create this feeling of longing and sadness
Thank you. I needed to hear all of this. I appreciate it.
That's a cute spider.
BPC-157 may help you in healing. I wish you the best. You totally dodged several bullets.
Love the username
I always loved the voice he did here.
Federal employee here. My amazing tenant offered to pay two months in advance to help with my cash flow.
i feel very blessed to be given the chance to do what i love
i feel accepted and appreciated by my teammates and peers
love you comrade! <3 you should get a cool flair too
Wish the blasters were more like BF1
This has to be my favorite part of this article. WHAT DOES HE MEAN!?!?!
This is so damn cute, I love it!
it’s happened before?! love my hometown of beautiful new ken 😂😂
I just wish she could do this on the show more readily
i feel like im supporting even more
You choose a bad time, no one is fessing up anything during an election.
I love how debt can now fully destroy hum after this move
Have a lovely day.
# 5 at the end of that clip... Teammate love
Argentina is with you! Be strong comrades!
The soft glam palette from ABH, because almost everyone loves it. And I love it too. I am actually loving it more than my modern renaissance 😊
She looks so FIERCE. I love it.
i feel incredibly loved and i know baby cap does too
Sure they'd love that
That would be perfect! Wish I had that.
I want [NAME] to bite me
Man I love wicker park and buck town ! Give them their flair !
came here to say this. i've watched it through more than five times at this point. one of my absolute favorites.
I wish [NAME] played like [NAME]
This is so true!! I'm vaping mango right now! Weird... Wish I was a kid.
Yup. I’m assuming cause it’s live crawfish and early in the season? Idk. I love crawfish cafe but not for that price.
i feel like if this was a longer book i would have liked it more
I’d go at [NAME] every possession. He is so tired out there
I like how submissive the coyote is being to this tiny little cat. Like, dude, you could just eat him.
i am fucking it up with my pattern of wanting craving addiction to attention and specialness my way of feeling loved by another
): hope the goose is okay ):!
i love folksy cities skylines man
I love the [NAME] conspiracy and this is a good addition! Thanks for sharing.
I love how the girl on her phone in the background sees what happened but just doesn’t care...must happen all the time.
i feel them and im loving it
i can feel my blood start to boil my hands start to twitch and i suddenly get really hot
♫ Your love for me Won't be quite the same When you take a whiff Of my hershey stains. ♫
It’s good dude I had to have it explained to me I’m just passing on the love
as long as the tracking shows delivered, it's not your responsibility what happens to it after that
I’ve always loved the art style of the author/illustrator as a kid, so I could see where you’re coming from.
i feel when you are a caring person you attract other caring people into your life
so [NAME] isn't necessarily as dumb as she literally appears... I've always liked her for some reason.
I'm sorry for your loss. Truly. I hope you and your family are doing okay.
i like to feel that is exactly what i do for my beloved graham
i feel like were all pretty supportive of each other
I like [NAME] but I disagree with him here. Then again it's not much surprise that a mega rich globetrotter that lives next to [NAME] would hold such views.
What a (morbid) analogy - I like it!
I can't believe that we've seen this ep before and missed the poster. Wish I could upvote y more than once.
i called it god because i d seen god in a book and figured god was the right name for feeling so utterly affirmed and accepted without question
Then enjoy it for as long as it's fun. When it stops being fun, go find somebody else.
I wish the federal government would step in to take care of people. It’s overwhelming to care for them on a city or even state level.
Good luck!
I like this template, it makes me happy.
what a lovely gift, you are blessed my friend, she picked you!!!! use it in good health
I wish. Its too tiny to see from up here.
Oh, doi. Makes total sense now. Boy I really hope I get fired for this blunder.
love cats, dislike the regular news. you?
I love the wire, never sad any thing bad about it just that it's from two decades ago
i don t think there s a woman around who hasn t felt the angst rosa feels as she deals with the death of her beloved aunt the chasm between her and her father
Me too. One of my favorite potential Dem candidates
Haha, same bro. I am lvl 21 and still playing at least 4hrs a day. Loving it!
Welcome home [NAME]!
I personally resent the RCA's centralization of conversion authority within the orthodox world. That's what I meant. Unrelated, I love your flair.
Loved dropping in from the crack in the ceiling and going out in a blaze of glory.
i feel there is really no point in me loving him after getting to know his true color
I wish I could get the entire interview but it's from a SiriusXM Radio Show
i just follow my dreams and my heart and some how that makes life feel sweet and work for me
i feel like he had a really gentle hand on the recording process
[NAME], [NAME] is the most underrated [NAME]. I love that guy.
I love it. I love those melts they do that are croissants inside out and toasted
I loved [NAME] back in the day. He always seemed to pancake [NAME].
[NAME] has a drive that [NAME] doesn't at all. He cares more about his hair than buying a house for his mom from what I have seen.
By far my favorite STP song and one of my all-time favorite songs in general. Love this song.
i read these i am always very touched and feel so blessed
I like [NAME] but he's got bizarre mechanics on his jumper and no arc.
i need to feel like im accepted and that i matter and that im loved
i suspect feel less than fond in private
I'm loving the blocked shots from rust, what a stud
i feel really naughty and wicked today
As an autism mum, I can’t thank you enough. ❤️
two robocoughs what a good idea i love buying robocough by the case
gotta love my s-tier talking to people anxiety haha wait no i don't 😎
I love him even though the newest season of t@gged kinda sucked.
thanks! That helps
Better love big “snowflake” hearts!
My oldest jersey is Gilmour, but I'd love to add a Sittler or Salming jersey to my collection.
i seriously feel so blessed for the support that i have at home it s amazing
I'm three months old and I love Queen and Metallica, not the crap my generstion listens too.
I love Kaep so much for those 2 playoff games alone.
i started out feeling sympathetic towards him because i wouldnt want dr
Nope this was Saturdays sunset :) I wish I was out there today for the sunset!
I swear to [NAME], these offseason dream/hypothetical lineups get me rock solid every single time. I love it
Get your mom professional help. Any grow person who runs away from their own home afterargument definitely has mental health issues
i am totally enamoured with this dress it is so flowy and lovely perfect for a warm summer day it feels really romantic and springy and i am so so excited to show you all
i miss the feeling of loving
I have a lot of fun on pre-CU servers, but I like to grind and I love the Star Wars universe
Shit, I wish I had your skin and those blackheads. I’m 38 and still get acne and have scars!
I'm 27 and I want to live in a society that shuts down at 8pm!
People who claim others lie often deflect the question when asked for proof. Grow up
I love all the cast in the later seasons, but the [NAME] relationship in seasons 2-4 are prime.
Go forth and get rated, my child.
Desperately miss this, [NAME] was one of my favourites at finishing with big choruses
If money's not a problem for you and you badly need to get braces then go for it, the sooner the faster your teeth can get adjusted.
i wont let me child cry it out because i feel that loving her and lily when she was little was going to be opportunities that only lasted for those short few months
7am. I’ll be done at 3pm. I’d love that
Please be careful with pain relievers man, I'm really sorry.
"[NAME] could drown in a glass of water." LOL. i actually love [NAME], though. i know i'm in the minority.
The guy just loves drama
This is my new favorite video.
Dont worry. I'll help you.
Slightly obscure I like it. I’ll add crash.
I like your rant.
i feel him her in the gentle breeze
That’s so romantic!
You are AMAZING. I especially love the woman !! :)
I love hearing other peoples stories about being high as hell watching drag race or being high on this sub. Y'all are my people.
I love that ammunition. I want to make 200 of them, but I think you may be limited?
[NAME] bless [NAME]!
i feel very strongly about supporting the brave men and women who sacrifice for our nation said begleiter
Support this cause please. It saves lives
I’ve been to two locations and the burgers are SO GOOD!!
Always go for someone you like and feel connected to.
Yep. I have a reading goal along with my weight loss goal.
Lighten up buddy.
This is actually fascinating. I actually love this. Please don't call the cops.
[NAME]. I really loved your hustle for 35 yards. That's why it was so hard to cut you.
love seeing "donkey kong 64" written on some official government paper congrats hbomb, you deserve it all champ
unrelated, but i love your flair
i feel so blessed to be yoked to a man so willing to work so hard to provide for us
i am feeling a bit nostalgic so decided to take a tour through my memory lane
Being someone who has severe anxiety and in this predicament before, you need to do what’s best for YOU
Is it that good ? i'd need it too in that case :(
Definitely the second to be frank. I just wanna get the best deal I can on a car I’m pretty in love with.
I wish it was only -25. -45 where i am.
i may not have been posting actively but fortunately i keep a camera pen and notebook where ever i go so whenever i feel very passionate about something i write or take many photos
This. Fans complain that she's boring but I'm actually glad she's careful about what she allows to be filmed.
I bet the people who migrated here legally some time ago would love to see the problems they fled from follow them back here!
im feeling wildly supportive as i swallow my tension that every single other five year old i know of not only knows his letters but knows them backward
i understand feeling fond of a toilet it s one of my favourite places in the house but seriously is our daughter more enamoured with the porcelain throne than with us
Love this. I thought I replied this morning, but I’m definitely taking your ideas and going to try them! Best of luck
i never really laughed at it, but its still one of my favorite movies. i view it more as a slice-of-life drama.
Cute little jerk. How many times has that come out if my mouth!!
So many. [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] (with her eyebrows), [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] are some of my favorites.
im thinking and my way of doing things while i dun understand his feelings not considerate and always assume im right thinking that hes unreasonable and demanding sometimes possesive
As much as I love the dodgers, I can’t see them in the World Series 3 times in a row... so yeah, backwards.
i feel that it s not the distance that separates lovers that ends a relationship it is the impatience of humans to feel the touch of their beloved or to hear a lover whisper ones name
I would love to be woken up by that
[NAME] IS SO CUTE WITH THE "MINE" SdgksadGDKLSG:
Well I hope so, I work in a pawnshop in a not great part of town and I'd love to be able to carry
One week sounds like a good timeframe. Good luck on your channel! I hope that expected revenue goes up for you.
i tend to become a little animated when i talk about something in which i feel passionate
i will soak in the feel of my beloved next to me
Would love to see [NAME] pull up in a Tesla that was blocks by the truck guys.
I love this guy.
Happy cake day! It'll be tough, but stick to it and you will come out the other side better for it.
Wish I had something better for you but best of luck to you, this situation sucks
I love conspiracy theories with no shred of proof
Thanks! Oh my god, what a great interview. The man absolutely loves Winnipeg.
i feel like im doing a hot yoga class with no benefits
That's the idea, don't be so indignant that I called out your bs.
you did drug her though, and assault her by undressing her and taking her photo. you committed multiple crimes. you need professional help.
You deserve the same love. Those things are still true with you. You deserve love too.
i was still looking out for good causes that i feel passionate about to volunteer and again last year when a friend introduced me to an organization that packs food rations for needy families
Please come and visit again soon! Have a safe flight!
movie sucks do yourself a favor and watch the Infernal Affairs trilogy they bastardized
I like this rule because in life there are always exceptions. The problem is when you start feeling entitled to *being* that exception.
I love that this gets light. Keep talking. Especially AOC. Don't stop.
You can talk to me. It'll be good having someone nice around.
Wish he'd upload more 😪
I love it. The only thing faker than their lies is them. I’m glad the girl was able to get her divorce.
One can only dream about having such a good team one day again. Now we have Sansores y Vilchis no mames haha.
Until we win an actual SuperBowl trophy I want all the positive karma.
im having trouble coming with words to describe the way i feel im so devoted to it
Yes! I love their responses to anyone who comments. So much shade.
i feel like a post might be devoted to dealing with emotions caused by situations vs
I like this sub, and I like you. You're alright.
Please go to urgent care and get some antibiotics if you have not already. UTIs can become serious if they go untreated.
i find myself whinging about the temperature every day at the moment but it does feel ridiculously hot
I like all Star Trek. I hope they end up switching directions now and make new movies that are more about exploration.
my 3.5mm jack came with my iphone se and I can literally never lose it as long as I have my phone.
i feel naughty just being this girls friend
Love her positions but I think she need to get some experience under her feet before she is ready for that level of a position.
Keep practicing until you get real confident
i was tempted at first to name one of the many projects that the archdiocese has underway that i feel very passionate about like the restoration of saint patrick s cathedral or the strategic plan for our excellent catholic schools
I have started my 30 day vacation and I plan on relaxing the whole 30. Please do not make plans for me. Discuss them first with me.
OMG THOSE TINY SHOES! *desire to boop snoot intensifies*
I like [NAME] and I've heard good things about [NAME] (I think his name is).
Have some humility
Yeah...I mean I love him! But he is to smart for his own good lol.
[NAME] has really given his all in the second half. He must be exhausted
The real worst though is when she says, "I love you more" 100% seriously.
Don't stop cold turkey. It's dangerous and you can have deadly seizures. Taper down if you are going to quit any benzo.
So just for the record, I’m with you on the football end: Love the Broncs, hate the Pats. 🏈
I wish I could believe in myself
i had a feeling bernd would have odds this week around to and that is more than generous of the sportsbook
i just feel like i m being a total pushover at the moment which anyone who knows me knows that i m not a pushover generous and willing to give the benefit of the doubt but not a pushover
I know you will make her proud. always appreciate your parents they won’t be here forever ❤️
i wanted to because he loves me and i feel like if he cares enough about me even if he doesnt care about the wedding itself he should be more supportive and not throw it in my face
Glad to hear it. Love Rapid City.
Oh goodness, that show shaped my sense of humor. I loved it so much.
im feeling generous heres a holiday classic for you iframe allowfullscreen frameborder height src http www
i am being selfish but i feel like me trying to make him horny is redundant because he is always horny and i feel like he should try harder to make me horny
I know, i read that previous post. Im just worried about your parrot getting injured because of that woman :/
i feel i have no hope of supporting a family and purchasing a house in vancouver
i dont know what guys could be doing doused in pain unless he brought a freind into it asasoulawakens i feeli am pretty loyal as part as shoots go
Im so hungry now! Damn this sub! I love it!
i don t feel that longing
i know you do not have time to read a long email but i truly feel blessed to be a part of your remarkable journey
I love you too, no homo.
i feel so passionate about utopia is my desire for peace on this troubled earth
Love that lane. It's like the best part of Rome.
i feel at ease after sweet communing teach me it is far too little i know and do
i can feel the presence of my beloved behind me and i tilt my neck to the side smiling at the feel of his lips against my shoulder
You have to assert dominance or they'll never learn.
I hope all of y'all that are commenting isn't all men because not all women do that!
Anarchy, anarchy, I don't t know what it is, but I love it.
Keep yourself occupied go play videogames or something that really occupies your attention
That's really sad to hear, I can't imagine. I'm wishing the best for you
women just don't take initiative just give her one more opportunity after all as you said she flaked for legit shit
I would love to see your evidence for any of this above and below stuff. Go ahead, I'll just wait right here....
Hahahaha I love this man
Those scars look fairly recent. Just remember no matter what there are people who love you and will support you unconditionally!
i wake up in the morning and i have been having sexy dreams for i feel very horny and in need of a fuck
I hope you'll be feeling better soon, friend
i feel that supporting or at least not condemning the seal hunt is akin to saying well think of all the good things hitler did
Crying? Yeah i like crying C-calling R-out Y-for I-serious N-mental G-treatment
i feel like if we are longing to hear god hungry to see him and looking for him in our lives he will reveal himself through many and any manner possible
Are you high? People go for walks while wearing clothing all the time. It's when you go without the clothes that you run into problems.
I never really hated [NAME], but now I love [NAME]
Totes! I love walking round and round and round in circles all afternoon and still not finding the store I need.
i still feel quite loyal in other views on the conservative side
Welcome home, sister (assuming from your username)! May [NAME] love always burn in your heart!
Cordovan in the mech with the loudspeaker really makes me smile. It is just so bonkers. I love it.
Gotcha. Given how contentious even the top-tiers are, I wanted to play it safe.
My cockatiel is sitting on my knee. I gave him a hug and promised no more pets.
I met her once and she ended up falling for me.
I want to taste their tears
I feel for him..thank [NAME] he has a mother who cares
I love this post so much. Really drives the point home and made me laugh!
[NAME], He's got the name that you'd love to touch...
[NAME]. When my ex and I discussed baby names, I feel in love with this combo
i feel strongly that this year the lord is calling me to grow in discipline this year and to be faithful with things he has put in front of me
Np just passing it forward from another comment haha. Love the sudden silence in this video. Love the look on everyone’s faces.
its admittedly shallow and petty but I love the saying "libertarianism is astrology for men"
i do feel tender
I like the way your mind works.
He goes after my Wisconsin teams all the time... so I live that one haha. Pisses me off but still love em
All the best to you truly. I hope you can find balance in yourself which is what we all secretly need
I just want someone who listens to scientists. That's too much to ask though.
Aww that was endearing [NAME].
I like how she dabs on the way down.
i already feel sympathetic to tatsuma and aoi
i feel i need to change that pattern so that i can stand up for myself and learn to be supportive
i feel you caring even if you will insist you are mean
i feel people around me do not understand it they have no acceptance that i might need to grieve and suffer not only from the loss of my mother but the grief of never having a loving relationship expressed in ways i would want
Apologies for vertical view! Bonus commentary from my mini me that loves this sub!
Damn it, why can’t I give this multiple upvotes?! Sending love for this from the US.
Real Person. I'm just saying I like the merchandise.
i have only felt it after a half marathon so i can only imagine that it feels twice as sweet for a full marathon especially the boston marathon
Does your son do Scratch? My daughter doesn't do fortnite but Scratch is her favourite internet thing and she would love to add new scratch friends.
i feel like he forgets he has a faithful girlfriend back home and just parties on the weekend and acts like he s single
So glad you are safe. It looks like icy conditions, too, so that is great that you were able to avoid this.
This is how my SO gaslights me. I hope it goes well when he comes home and good luck with the baby!
Wonderful sculptures. Love the expression of the Scottish mythology behind them.
i and was feeling nostalgic about that time in their lives
I'm 14 stone...so probably about 2 stone over weight. I don't drink alcohol or do drugs, but I love food....
I love 4 and 5 just as much as the early seasons. You can't recapture lightning in a bottle; I'm just glad they kept at it.
Just saying, don’t give up. Fight back. Do it for your patients
I love how people downvote you because you are right. It's okay dude for honor community is a hive mind of braindead plebs
[NAME] was pretty cool on The Challenge so I would love to see him on CBB.
I love this, and #2
i cant shake the feeling that when i drink vanilla protein powder and water it tastes like mashmellows in hot chocolate mix
Yes. One of her fingers is getting a sore on it and there’s concern it may push her into needing braces.
I used to watch it’s always sunny with my cat. She loved it. Now I can’t watch it without crying.
i started the third block feeling hot and cold and tingly all at the same time knowing that i still had five hours of examination ahead of me having no idea if any of it would do any good
i am feeling rather delicate due to alot of white wine and a considerable amount of dancing one of my best friends ended up in a amp e due to a fractured wrist caused by excessive dancing
Will be when we organise a run on the banks and hopefully take the only thing Westminster cares about away from them.
I want [NAME] and [NAME] in Top 3 so I’m feeling the omens girl
My daughter loves this! She's taking a bath rn singing "fiire"
i feel about being naughty for breast cancer awareness
Think its time you let your butterfly self out, dear....
i recently learned that there is a very slight difference between empathetic and sympathetic in definition empathetic being able to actually feel the emotion and sympathetic being the ability to understand the emotion and i realized that there is also a fine line between the two in writing
I'd love to hear the theme in the style of [NAME] or the Rolling Stones
i feel like i betrayed my ex like i still need to be loyal to him i want to wait until im completely over my ex
I like how you're insinuating that the other half is family reunification rather than giving us the real answer.
I do crazy’ I love to clean man. Just have fun. Or at least try.
i didnt know what it was but i then went home to later experiment so that i would feel accepted but as i experimented i learned a new feeling the feeling of greed
I was expecting her to come in to work looking like [NAME] from the [NAME] show...
I like it. It reminds me of Aphex Twin but I also hear modest mouse melodies and rhythms. I'm a fan of both
I hope you’re doing well with RCIA! So sorry for your loss. Praying for you, your family, and your daughter ♥️
I love this sub
I also love the first sentence (but in a more pro-science way than was probably intended)
I love cops and military. I just want them privatized.
Desperation is unattractive, stop being so desperate. Love yourself before you can love someone else.
Who cares. [NAME] is draining the swamp. Get over it
Calm down.
Dude you’re honestly unhinged. I think you need a break from the internet for today... it’ll do you some good.
Everyone knew that deal was stupid from the moment it happened, [NAME] was like 38. We just have to pray he learned from that
Oh god, How I always wish she shows up to the lonely hearts party every time I watch that episode.
I too have had this happen on XBONE. I really want to love this game, but it keeps giving me reasons to play something else.
love that yawn
im already feeling very loved today and its not even noon
Gotcha. I see my clarification above. I sincerely apologize that anything I wrote made you feel that you needed to enforce your boundaries.
So fucking heart warming. Brother love man it’s wholesome as shit.
Locking a bunch in a kids in a room with their pedophile priest is fun af? You need help.
im sure the bundle guys are feeling pretty generous this time of year
Your wife just proved to your son that her love for him is not unconditional. She sounds ignorant, hateful, and should get therapy or get out.
We are fighting for their autonomy, which is why we're fighting hard for them to be born first.
I love the Nets
i feel like a sweet fix then these are now my go to snack
It's to save you the hassle of scooping the brains from the ground
Enfp male here, I would love to find an INTJ girl and see if it works, which people tell me it could!
Hang in there, we're here for you. I hope you get through this.
Me and my babyboys safety word is Obama. But I like yours too.
i visit cantina i leave feeling that the food is lovely but not always worth the price
i accidentally liked one where my ex was underage....
MmMm I love me some microplastics.
damn i’d love a transboy to be my prince charming
i pollution flower dew moisturising gel cream delicate luxurious and feels lovely on the skin
Yeah this is what im currently witnessing with my nephew and nieces. I wish i can do something about it.
Well now I have [NAME] in my head for the morning! Love a bit of Northern soul.
i am all fluffed up with girly stuff like feeling all treasured and stuff
I know I'd love him when he joined but there's a part of me that just doesn't even want him
Please, just open your heart with us and tell us your thoughts.
I love trying new foods for the most part
I know what you mean and with me, I love animals. Do you have any hobbies you like to do?
All my hugs to you. She will have a peaceful end surrounded by people who she loves so much.
i am feeling horny so i ask her that lets go home
Fair enough! that's useful and relevant (if anecdotal) evidence. I whish there where good studies on all of this. :-/
I love the bus so much.
Are you queuing with him and is your account a high level? Because if that is the case I suggest you make a Smurf.
My heart is breaking for you OP... good luck on your job search though!!
Dude you need some help...
Live your life well. Let them figure it out for themselves.
i feel that i am not accepted and am forced to hide this part of who i am
i admit is inexcusable giving you to feel slightly naughty bestial heck macho even
Lots of hugs, kiddo ! They ***are*** heifers !
Want to get a hangover there 👍🕺❤️
I joined DbD right after [NAME] release, but man I wish I had the splinters
Please kind sir may I have some more
special for you my dude :)
Finally gonna get together with [NAME]. Love is beautiful.
i feel like i was a naughty girl and should have said no way
I hope [NAME] likes my Thanos costume though.
Stay safe, you will find someone one day.
Get one. I love mine.
i wasnt going to do a what im loving wednesday post because i wasnt feeling like i was loving anything but as my youngest sister text me last night sometimes happiness is a choice so here it is
This series is so unapologetic in its outlandishness that I just can’t help but love it.
"Put yourself into the position to be able to profit from luck" is the best I can formulate it.
I killed you in VR once. I loved it.
i am ever feeling nostalgic about the fireplace i will know that it is still on the property
I loved shooting if we were gay and 6969. The peanut butter took a while, but was worth it
I wish I could upvote this a thousand times
Haha, I wish, but not happening
I like this story way better than parvo.
Oh come on, they’ll survive it all, they LOVE EACH OTHERRRR!!!
I LOVE [NAME]!!! She’s all around a really outstanding and kind human being
i know a lot of councillors who do not feel they get a sympathetic hearing from their local newspapers
i feel blessed that i was there at the right time in the right place to see them and to feel a part of something that i hope will give the people of kuwait hope for progress
I really like this.
Those got me once when I was about 6 because I wanted to go up two steps at a time. I still do that to this day...
I love this
i find myself feeling passionate about
I love Arkansas. /s.
i got a feeling that they were trying to create a nostalgic atmosphere but it didnt work for me
Come to Melbourne [NAME], my wife cooks a rest roast we would love you over for dinner
I love how sly you are being
“we love [NAME]!”
I want a pizza flair!!
To me the cringe is the American woman's love for his fascism. (since no one knew what was happening to the [NAME] in 1936)
I fucking love that you actually educated me a little about punk. Thanks for the suggestions, I'll definetly listen to them.
Hopefully it helps you keep your emotions in check rather than letting others control you, [NAME].
This should be everyone's wish.
i had and not having any lingering feelings nor longing for anyone
This is the most horrifying thing I've ever read on this thread. May you and your loved ones see this through safe and sound.
I really love all the downvotes on this posts comments cus it goes to show ppl can’t have their own opinions on things.
i feel liked these days by both tom and myself
i get the feeling he is a lovely guy and i m very happy to see him do so well at atletico
Best of luck
I'd love to hear someone argue in support of our current income inequality..
i am feeling delicate after hogmanay if that s what you are thinking
As bad as the session was, I really do love your drow bard she sounds super fun to play with
Love evolves. Try and imagine life without her. I always see an abyss within me when I imagine that.
i also feel like a sophist half the time when im looking for supportive examples
i feel romantic feelings in my soul and begging to god make u me ur love me ur feeling me ur soul me i wanna to hear the beat of heart by u for me ever if u wanna so otherwise i am nothing without u
i only will uploading photos which i feel so sweet to share with all of you lovers
I liked [NAME]...
That's great to hear, we need more Maki lovers
Doubt is an integral part of faith. Dont worry, it will help you in the long run
Such a cool pic! Really wish the moon was in the dead middle though 🙃🙃
I got your back. I love you ❤️
Save those texts, call the cops, restraining order and no contact. You need to do this for you and the baby.
Stay strong [NAME]
Ok cool but where can you study Old Norse? That seems like exactly the type of useless but cool skill I’d love to have.
I hope it heals well! I will bring out the Oww Mah Layg dancers to encourage healing and positive energy to help you and cheer you on! 🎶💃Oww💃Mah💃Layg💃🎶
I like [NAME], but this entire sequence was hilarious. Poor guy.
I for one am with you on this train. I loved [NAME] man but this sub is losing its damn mind lol
I had a crush on this guy ever since I saw him as the mad hatter on OUAT.
I love when you get the text afterwards - my last donation apparently saved a life in Cairns! Really cheered me up actually.
He will, I feel like it's Christmas Eve and I'm waiting for [NAME].
Done, good luck with your thing.
[NAME] loves you. Be yourself and don’t let bigots stop you.
>[NAME] loves people For dinner?
Saw it. Loved it. Wasn't hating on [NAME] man, was just commenting on what I was watching lol.
The world needs a lil crazy
Since i have no one i choose u op to reach out to I love you fellow human pls always smile friend have the happiest of lives
It’s my favorite Saturday movie, never gets boring
This is the most early 2000s thing ever. I love it.
> Pretty much the person I love just broke up completely with me After how long?
I'd like to see it set during the [NAME] conquest of China, That'd be cool
i can t understand why you keep hiding your feelings when he s so fond of you
Seeking, not expecting
I really love this title.
i finished our drinks and left and i came to feel more and more sympathetic and bad for this old man to the point where im still thinking about it hours later
don't worry, the funding will arrive the year after!
i hear the name i feel loved
i feel the need to update you my loyal readers on the vacation habits of our region manager s assistant
Someone please make a gif of [NAME] smile after that 3
i feel like blair just wants to be loved
You got whooshed fair and square. Take your medicine.
You’re a damn good grandma, good wishes for your grandson and good luck!
That's pretty subjective tbh. I loved [NAME] VA specially in the angry and intense scenes. [NAME] was pretty good too, but I prefer [NAME].
Love it [NAME]
Love those freckles! You’ve got that girl next door kind of beauty
This right here is the kind of father I want to be. Thanks for that.
[NAME] seems to be really honest in the meaning of lore. She supports [NAME] from the very beginning.
i know whos interested in renaissance and baroque art i can relate with jamie because she like feels tender towards everything and thinks that inanimate objects have feelings
I wish I could help you but I’m in the same ditch as you. High school is causing me troubles too
I love how happy the dog looks in this pic. 😊
i feel like i am being held firmly in loving arms surrounded by a wide circle of people who are not going to let me fall
Of course he loves you! You’re his sugar momma. Seriously, ditch the bi*|€. You can and should do better.
Love the top logo although I’d gladly take the bottom one, the goat head, or a poop emoji any day over the buffaslug.
good luck! i recently left the floor for an office job and couldn’t be happier.
[NAME] I wish we had a free pass to say that 😹 Would make my days so much easier
Thank you. [NAME] killed it, earned his spot. Love my packers but sometimes people in this sub are ridiculous
i will tell them what i really feel i understand supporting someone but that doesnt mean you have to lie to them
I love you guys but....."existence"
Nice watches, Id love to get one if they were a bit closer to my price range
I love the snail's smile. It makes me happy :)
Conservatives love to agree with cryptofacists and pretend all accusations are a smear campaign.
I wish climate change could draw crowds like this. If only it were a more pressing issue. /s
I love this 10/10
I wish your mom had used the stick on his mom and explained that she has to be allowed to do it because otherwise she'd cry.
i think i m still feeling tender
i don t really feel that that will happen in my lifetime but still working in publishing i know that it s coming so i should be supporting bookstores
i want something that gives me a major orgasm that will make me feel so horny ill screw anything that moves
i feel students need compassionate strong and dedicated individuals who embrace the role of luminary with humility and a sense of adventure
GT: LAMZY GG - don't do missions that much unless I need to farm meat but I'll add for the additional mission contact 👌👌
I like Brown Sugar
Omg I love that. Coffee in bed. A nice omelette and then another roll in the hay.
i start writing i feel affectionate interested and frustrated
I love Skyline Chili but I totally understand why other people don't. Same with Imo's.
Worth a try to report the bus number, the route and the time to PTV to see if he can get them back. Best of luck!
Your dog is so brave ❤️
You love your joke!
That’s terrible; I would be devastated. You had to get out of there though. I’m thinking of you.
i feel like i liked it but at the same time i feel let down
[NAME] bless [NAME] for unlocking Michigan's Anger-Swag.
Ikr... it’s a sin in itself to use [NAME] to instil fear and hate, [NAME] is love not hate and he loves all of us
i feel that i am neither of those two types i should be a sheep type of boyfriend that kind of person who is gentle likes to take care of people and of course hopes to be taken care of many times as well
You don’t know what would happen if you lost weight, so why don’t you focus solely on that step first.
Me too. For some reason, even the people that I know that love reading don't read Murakami. I love that lil Japanese man.
We're more concerned with this mysterious group of r/atlantahawks sleeper agents downvoting [NAME]
I wish it were. It would be funny to imply that [NAME] won [NAME] shirt!
i love it when i feel hot and beautiful and sexy
I wish. It's been over 72 hours for me now, nothing. Less than .5 ETH, BCH and BSV - hasn't moved.
Scenes like these are what make me wish I could forget the entire show at will. So I can watch and enjoy them all over again.
i am much lighter now i feel extremely passionate about myself and my life yes me i do
You just gotta man up, go out there, and get that kiss.
I love that you know this tidbit!
i agree with your original comment about down by the water i feel like that song transcends time and is gorgeously romantic but it s cinematic in that i feel like i m watching a story that belongs to someone else
I love it here too.
I wanted Dallas to win today so they could lose next week. I don’t want LA anywhere near the Super Bowl.
i feel hot i drank some cold drink or find some ice dessert such as chendol or ice kacang
I need to know the backstory on this!
But i really need you to delete the comment
I still wish if we get a deeper face customization like in RPGs.
I love it when cats go all airplane ears
You will be fine.
i have no word to describe the feeling reply she said its been days today that i have been in such a lovely country india i never thought that anything like this can ever happen to me where everyone treated us so gracefully humbly and with so respect
[NAME]: "I wish I won't get robbed of a victory again" [one finger of the monkeys paw curls]
I wish I didn’t fall for my ex. He is not a beautiful person. He is a monster.
She has started therapy with an addiction specialist. That is a hopeful sign IMO. Wish she had started a while ago.
Haha mines an old 2.5L 2002 non turbo. But I love it.
That used to be my favorite view on the planet, but now it’s just rage. I can’t look anymore.
I love [NAME]. But I’m not sure there is a single player in he nba who he can guard
im better than the rest of you feeling but a feeling of being accepted
i dont need to wear a mask because at this moment i can show all my feelings to my beloved without missgivings
I fucking love this
I love in SoSpaHa - south of Spanish Harlem.
i feel for my beloved that is reciprocated
I love all weightloss shows but that one doesn’t interest me at all
i took to be his son joined elihu and me at christmastime inside a fine home with lovely mill work darkly lit and with a large stately christmas tree in the living room the feeling was gentle it was one of long lost friends meeting for the first time as adults as people
i do not need to shower a child with gifts to feel like i am caring
I like this. I like this a lot.
i feel about watching romantic movies
Still love [NAME]. Gave his heart to the Broncos for many years. Hope he can go out and win himself another ring this year.
Get help.
I love how he does the [NAME] shirt-pull because he is captain.
I love how there isn't a single legit trade in this thread
Beautiful. I love ecclesiastical architecture.
These are lovely, I have one.
i am very happy and feel loved
i am feeling quite blessed and enjoying my time here
He is such a cutie, I had no idea he was polish
My man's on the left looks like he's trying too guard precious
I love lions. Wouldn't want one in my house though. Might scare the dog. Same thing with children for me!
You okay, buddy?
im not feeling too hot this week so it has been a minor struggle but im pushing through and trying to smile my way through it
I mean, your account is a day old, so I think you’ll be okay.
"I love ya, Mom". Man, if I was his mom I'd knock him into next week.
i meant that either one has no scientific backing and was just made by random people, knowing how much people love lables
I understand. Sorry that happened to you. Stay strong!
I love your username.
Have a good night, mate!
For myself and my lustful habitual sins if you don’t care. I’ll be praying for everyone in this thread too.
i cant honestly say that i was enjoying the actual running much but i was feeling the benefits and liked being out in the fields and woodland seeing the changes in the seasons and getting lungfuls of fresh air
Tbh the giant cereal bowl bath is about as least cursed as it gets. ...I loved that episode
I'm fine, how about you?
i feel like we should write a book on all of this because we are loving researching it and it is so good
Happy birthday my guy! Hope you have a great day today, tomorrow, and every day after that. You and everyone deserve a good day. 😃
Absolutely. It takes me back to a much happier time. When I die I hope I go to San Junipero.
I love gold !!
Hey! Anyone have the DL on this MLM ? Would love some links to send a victim!!
id rather have no one know how i really feel but then again sometimes i can be compassionate and sometimes i can be beautiful
i feel loved because i programmed my computer to tell me it loves me
That was my favorite PS1 game.
I'm on your side with this one. At least you have some legs to stand on.
[NAME] should give him a little tough love
I love the creative writing that stems from this sub, so entertaining.
Damn bro thats wack. But life has a way to with things she'll reap what she sows. Feel better
[NAME] is having a visible affect on his game and I love it. I think we are witnessing the development of a future star.
i feel sympathetic towards companies that have done business for a century or two suddenly facing an entirely different situation
I wish my phone was that accurate. It warns me I'm at 14%, then 10 minutes later it drops to 0% and shuts off.
i feel that my beloved nakahara mai would voice her nicely
Haha love it
Oh I love flirtationships! This is normally us, but work takes us to a long distance relationship half of the year.
i feel we should not be supporting these rebels in a violent manner at all and particularly not give them weapons or funding
Don’t say that to a person with a rapidly deteriorating health condition
Love u too booboo
As someone who's had whooping cough as an adult I will physically beat down anyone who says that especially about their kids
I love the jab berto. It’s literally in thin air.
I used to do the same exact thing! Now I love the fat on my steak and watching them cut it off in japanese restaurants makes me sad.
I'm not the disgusting. I take good care of her. I just have barriers. What is wrong with that?
This sub is turning into r/childfree so fast. I actually love kids and want to adopt someday. I want to mod this sub smh
(F) Actor here as well, also willing to learn anything and everything involving film!
i try to be mindful about where i am in the room and i check in with the minister beforehand about what would feel most supportive for her
I love every bulge, scar, stretch mark and jiggle. Every single one tells a story I want to hear.
I know. And it's very selfish of me to say, but I just wish it was different people that cared.
Isn't this the plot of the show YOU on netflix? Be careful lmao.
I wish that show would come back
Get yourself a £1. Still occasionally get them.
i feel some sort of treachery towards beloved if i do go out and fuck someone
i feel like i am caring less about getting things done than actually relishing in the experience of doing and learning mathematics of course i probably will be working on things last minute but i wont let the pressure get to me
i believe are sincere on both parts but we have seen time and again that logan probably feels much more devoted to her than she does to him
[NAME] has stolen my heart.
i feel a bit nostalgic as i wonder where my passion for writing a blog times a week has gone
Lol this ockanikin! I used to love coming here for summer camp when I was in cub/Boy Scouts!
I'm just thinking our government sucks at Civilizations. Should have invaded them decades ago. Lots of water and farm land to use.
I cannot remember the dude's name, but I used to LOVE to watch him on Poker After Dark.
Tbh I think it’s hilarious and love it.
Don’t let them get you down man. Nothing wrong with a cozy night at home by yourself.
Don't worry. r/fireemblem is obligated to bash fates whenever it can [NAME] I love the entire scene so much. ~~Too bad it ruined the song~~
i love you.
I didn't even cringe at this, I unironically love doggo mems
Also, if for some stupid reason you want to pull a move like this, you better shoulder check
As much as I'd love to say it's mine, sadly I can't
Wow I bet someone would look at this and get inspired to make a movie about aliens with [NAME]
Hey bud, I’d honestly try to complain a little less and I promise you’ll slowly become a happier person
My favourite part is that the Saints are completely right, but it doesn't matter a god damn bit.
Hey buddy might wanna take it easy!
I love how he is gonna hit that fat dude and the gif ends
i feel my heart is in your hands your love is all that i demand so give me a chance to show you sweet romance a href http creativecommons
I loved this look and it was good but this comment..
Love you, [NAME]
[NAME] damn I love [NAME].
Crap company that old folks love cause of the name Only useful benefit is towing
I like surprises.
Love you too
i had been lying to myself feeling that maybe because i so loved spending time with this fellow and thought he enjoyed his time so equally with me that maybe the ends justified the means
i am healthier when i don t feel horny often i m not as sexually frustrated
I'd love to see [NAME] in a 4-3 to be honest.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **6th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)
i have enjoyed the experienced of being entranced by most none up to this point have ever made me feel the experience of being devoted
Howd i get downvoted? Lmao. I love drones and think they cant be beat for SaR and aerial mapping... thats why i forwarded the proposal!
I low-key love his YT channel, he's genuinely an interesting and good person
i ever used along with loreal max factor and collection so whenever i see either one of these names i instantly feel that sweet nostalgic feeling as if im discovering make up for the first time again
Makes sense but honestly the FO needs to accept they drafted wrong and just trade for DSJ for the sake of the team
i honestly don t think it s possible for me to feel romantic love at this point
i also feel a longing for my country and as i remember my childhood around the gunong ledang mountain i have started a series called puteri gunong ledang evoking all the legends and memories of jungle fairies that still live in my mind
i didnt feel the need to eat my beloved cheese and while i had a few set backs ive learnt to deal with it now
i looked down and feasted on the view of my own legs and knees and memorized the feel of the cars gentle rocking
Have a nice day
I’d love it!!! Can you get it to Long Beach?
id feel nostalgic about gillard hours ago
A is just horrifying. If she were to die I’d want her to go painlessly
I love this. BFFs don’t get enough love on these subs, but they make everything better. :)
Currently listening and loving it.
I always loved fighting [NAME] in Arkham Origins, he was really fun to fight, I’m still mad they did him dirty in Arkham Knight
I'll handle what ever comes my way, I adore our children. :)
Welcome back [NAME]!! You sexy Brazilian SON OF A BITCH
Good to see [NAME] getting some love.
Was the song "New Light"? I'd love to see the vid you're talking about if you come across it
I like your baby😍
I love democracy.
Thanks love you
Dont worry, they are the best surgeons in the hospital and they will remove the tumor in no time
i would love to have your neighbor!! he seems so nice! i really truly do hope you never meet that guy again.
Be careful, or he'll have to use 10% of his power on you!
Ooh I like that one :)
She gets genuinely emotional sometimes too. I love it. So refreshing
I love [NAME] as a player. I still think the best is yet to come with him. Just praying he stays on the field.
I love my cheek bones and my skin tone (this one took me a while to accept!).
Boogie Nights is my favorite movie by the way
im feeling about as horny as a dead goat
Seriously, someone out there has to love this dumpster fire TV show enough to edit some videos
i feel that it is my duty to athf and their devoted fan base to show my support
Good for that security guard! That's lovely to hear.
[NAME] I LOVE YOU
Sell all bch for bitcoin and hope for a bull run. Best decision you probably will make in your life.
i feel that its very romantic and to add to my visit i have the ipod loaded up with s dark synthwave amp early s college radio alternative the cure neds atomic dustbin the candy skins posies pixies blur james springhouse morrissey and so on
ill add special sea shells and some sand for a beachy feel but for now i am loving my eggs
I like the airpod memes other than that haven’t tried them so can’t say for sure
I love going to a diner and eating in a booth by myself.
I love the post you just made! Well written and very relatable.
I love lighthouses
i am always feeling hot i am hot to the touch
i came away feeling a bit sympathetic for her because i don t think she had a chance to do anything besides what she is doing
This is scripted, it's actually a remake/homage of an old [NAME] and [NAME] skit from a few decades ago. I love it!
i feel wholly and completely loved well most days
i feel you are so delicate now
Feeling better now?
Don’t let the bastards grind you down. I’m so sorry for this experience. No one deserves to be treated that way.
Thank you OP, I love you (no homo if you’re a male).
I don't want [NAME] to lose her job is all. She's a rare teacher who loves her job and students once you help her out and all..
I wish you with all my heart to find a woman that will love you so much that will get you a bj bell.
i do my best to remain cordial and express what is authentic the real love and gratitude i feel for a devoted father and the nostalgia i feel towards someone i had selected as a life partner as exemplified by an unforgettable blowout wedding at the a href http www
You see, when a router and a hard drive love each other very much...
good luck stay safe!💓
I don’t like [NAME] all that much, but that dude seems cool. I hope it hits a goofy dark line like [NAME] or [NAME] tho.
im in love with this comment
i even picked out beautiful pearly looking snaps and is soft and comfy feels like caring for myself
i feel betrayed where i serve and fellowship by no fault of my beloved pastor and c pastor
I wish yall would stay off the fucking roads when youre drinking beer. Mind you, on a bike I may just get that wish after your first night out.
Well, I'd love to see an MLS side defeat Liverpool like Red Star did in this years Champions League.
If only he could’ve known that [NAME] made it out safe and got to live honestly for a little while
I love this passive aggressiveness!!
i feel as if i must blog constantly for all my loyal fans the baker thia sandwich the scruncher and of course mini t rex
I love this! And I find myself thinking the exact same things. Soon...
I love how he misses that last punch when he goes down lol. Like, thats when the liver shot really sunk in
I love you more
Don’t worry! I was never convicted of anything!
I swear no ranked team can go without losing to an unranked team for very long.... that’s why I love college basketball
This is so wildly specific I love it
I keep seeing you around and I love the art. I really want to get into drawing but I’m only good ad heads and faces.
I like [NAME] soo much! he’s such a sweet and honest person, and his voice is amazing
[NAME] in Richardson gets my love.
[NAME] is so eloquent! Loved that scene
i devised myself rather than had suggested to me the flower distribution and im esp pleased as i bought the flowers when i didnt have my bank card it feels much harder to be generous when having to be especially careful with money and im now wondering if that was the lesson of losing it
The only "pro choice" I like is pro choice of guns! Another LIBERAL trolled epic style
i kiss your lips i feel sweet
Nothing is wrong with hugs and love, but most adults need sleep too.
i tried to reconcile the two feelings into one piece of music the unease and tender nostalgia present in martin s song of wwii france is different from the sharp bleeding ache i was feeling
i am feeling called to show up in a more faithful way
What you are describing is what I am feeling right now aswell. It's hard to handle the fact but atleast you aren't alone.
i got a handle on the story and it actually started to get a feel and shape that i liked
i am going to miss running over and putting my hand on your belly to feel my sweet holli reese kick
Give me [NAME]. We need some thump when we clear the benches.
For goodness sake give [NAME] a rest. After the last game he said he was so tired from running so much.
Fair enough. I'm probably thinking of someone who still has some semblance of shame.
I love this. It's not always the most exciting things that make for the most amazing feelings 😊
Just wanted to say I love your username
i feel to it and it benefits from a generous budget for exotic sets and gorgeous matte paintings
It was weird indeed, but I liked it too! (Maybe because I’m a musicals geek).
i feel now i am not giving all of me to christ and i want to be devoted
Constantly worrying about her and not feeling pleasure without her presence could be. You need to talk to a therapist.
“I wish there was a way to know you're in the good old days before you've actually left them.”
i feel so blessed to know that i have such an immense family of supporters whom continue to comfort me
im expecting good things from confessions of a wedding planner i have a feeling some stories about bridezillas and naughty grooms are likely to feature what do you think
[NAME] is a gem and I love him but he should really be a DH somewhere
You’ve got to do it! Just imagine all the bitter responses that you can then share with us!
i feel like i must defend my beloved blue hehe
I think we have the same grinder. Love the bong!
A quartet of [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] and Ox would be lovely.
I like [NAME]..
I am so pleased for you that you are going for therapy. You can really benefit from it. I wish you the very best for the future.
Serving us Ornacia!!! Honestly though I love this look!
Go on. I'd love to hear more about this.
i learnt so much about the wonderful world of beaubronz and feel this lovely tanning brand fits perfectly with my latest mantra stolen from my boudoir lashes mother asma docrat
You may be harder on yourself than necessary. Keep praying and confessing your sins. No one is perfect
im feeling generous this morning i will share them with you
Knew [NAME] would go for it. Again, love that fake-worry shade he throws. Just add "biting nails" and he could star in movies!
Love the snow suit.
i feel so passionate about it and know this is where god wants me to be but i am human and i do have flaws and short comings
Ugh YES. I literally am so against it and everyone is always like "why it's fun" but like I just want to find love
Right on. Hi from saskatoon canada. Take care buddy
i feel myself caring and wondering more than them
im already rereading what i just wrote and feeling like im portraying my sweet girl as a brat
I've not- I'll have to put it on my watchlist.
i feel like i m less faithful less worthy less loving and less able
Literally loving this. Where are all the guys like you irl?!
i feel like telling these horny devils to find a site more suited to that sort of interest the playboy if there is one forum perhaps
That’s so cute I wish I was that talented at drawing haha. I love art like that it’s adorable
Great response, I too love being in my 30s. Embrace it fella
As quick as possible? I wish. 2 hours and 9 minutes I will never get back
Yo creep, please get help!
Dude i wish you the best. I had one and it had been removed though surgery about 5 years ago. The best of luck
I like that that guy didn't make a snarky remark in 2015 because he was upset that another MP was sitting in his usual seat.
i am close to her i get this complete fuzzy loved feeling grew so fond of
i got to feel that lovely weight again
Well if you're moving to Dallas, it's basically the same thing as Oklahoma and California combined. You're totally safe there!
I like my coons too
And I wish I wasn't lumped in with new jersey.
Lol nah i’m not playing your game dude. Have a good night
Are you ok?
No. Spend all of it ASAP. Spend the evidence so you can get rid of it quickly and safely while also still being able to buy shit!
i feel horny and asked her to show her cam and she show me and asked her to show me her body and we do a great cyber sex that day
**<3 I Love You <3** Welcome Home !!
I want to come back as a tree
i feel increasingly passionate about
Lots of tourists like taking pictures with the locals. Don't feel so bad, OP. It's also entirely possible your father was mistaken.
Stick around! Would love your input / POV!
You gotta love the process.
i feel like i just dont have it in me to keep loving him and he deals me a card and it says mercy
I like Sao very much, bit not because of the game setting, for other reasons. The game itself sucks, tbh.
I Will as soon as I get out of The mental hospital lol thank you for recommending it. I love [NAME]
i realize that i let a lot of things bother me that really shouldn t bother me at least to the extent that i am moved to feel this passionate bothered feeling
Luv ya too buddy 😝
im grateful for the cozy feeling of hot cocoa and flannel nighties
i feel romantic and passionate toward my partner
[NAME] doesn’t use reddit, but I’ll bring it up with her. She might find some good support there. Cheers!
I love cars, but bullshit on different laws for different people
i feel quite naughty but the
I love when kids get cocky and then fall / get injured. That first kid's smile and face plant is just the best.
I already know what they're dealing with, i just cant help without hurting them emotionally or lying to them
I dunno. I like her.
Stay strong brother - it's coming.
Love mine too. t-shirt
I like you [NAME] :)
This isn't normal. If he's this way now, can you imagine later on? Time to move on girl.
i guess his widow was feeling generous when she packed it up
i love [NAME] and [NAME] so much, but... [NAME], my dudes.
I never thought to look for this subreddit! Thanks for sharing. I love this show
im feeling generous its easy when youre giving away other peeps stuff if after you vote you visit the a href http www
The arch is so cool. I love St Louis
Love this! Love you! Thanks for sharing!
No, I just haven't seen that here, and I wanted you to show me that's all.
I would love to accidentally get muscular... Instead of working my arse off to lose fat at the moment.
What did we do to deserve [NAME]? Loved that guy since his buff days
*pounces on you* uwu you’re so warm
i know and in the back of my mind i feel like im not being loyal trusting but i need to make sure that im doing the best thing
i would feel so nostalgic at such a young age
Good luck.
I love [NAME] but its been 1 year
No problem, I hope that you are able to accomplish what you wish :)
Bless them!
i feel like i am abandoning him in a way but he is so supportive of the move
I really love that game. It's so chill, I played it a lot.
Stop whatever you think is pushing you away. You are the one in control not [NAME].
i think i confuse my feelings of longing with feeling good
i just want emotional connection, im not missing out on anything as far as not having sex for sex's sake is concerned
I love the fact nobody talks about boycotting the Times (owned by the same media group), because they know scousers don't read it anyway. 😂
i feel like it s really supportive
I love /r/LazyMan
[NAME] is giving y'all some weird energy. I wish [NAME] would do that
Glad to hear it has kept going strong. And employed your dad for that long.
Congrats! Wait till you get your first date and you’ll feel even better.
i didnt want to be a part of a group just to feel accepted
i am expected to be monogamous which to me feels like i am being faithful to someone who is with someone else
im feeling very nostalgic over what happened in the last four years
I want to see this happen simply because it makes no sense.
Omg I love these things so much
i like it on croissants when im feeling naughty but just eating it alone in a bowl or on a bed of lettuce leaves is satisfying too
For the love of [NAME] gobget the tweezers!
i was feeling very nostalgic and very grateful
i like him for who he is or i just like the feeling to be liked
I'm rank 6 and get destroyed for using legion, what build do you use? I absolutely love legion just here getting ran over
i feel like most books will contain some kind of romantic undercurrent and while this one did it was a lot more subtle than other books are about it
I love the book - much better than the movie imo!
LOL THEY DIED? like if you get reference
I'd love to see a repo/recovery subreddit.
i love them both but I still think you have to be a stupid cunt to think they live happily everafter together in the end.
Thanks. Wish he liked me
I call even my dog my love (in local language) as a way to be caring to others.
Doesn't affect you buddy don't stress over it.
Don’t worry about the baby but yes worry about your mom...
take care!! <3
Society hates everything. Just love yourself and the rest becomes easier.
Oh, I like this! Where’d you get it?
I like [NAME].
[NAME] I want to get that ~~monkey~~blackhawk off our back so bad.
i feel for this little pound lovely is truly a gift
i feel like the supporting literature cited in this section is not only scarce but also badly presented
I like vanilla, it's the finest of the flavors.
I wish I'd get invited to parties...
Skypeia in One Piece has literally nothing to do with the main plot but I loved it. It also gave us the single greatest reaction image.
Yeah but good luck proving it in court
I love this guy. He does amazing impersonations. Thanks for sharing.
There’s a reason southern states have a massive teacher shortage. Please do yourself a favor a consider that before you take the leap.
Mate you're talking to a Remainer who wants to Remain... I just want a Labour Government that's all.
He really likes Babylon 5
I like it
LOL this. I would love to see that.
im feeling horny i go on to omegle and have sex chats cyber sex with guys
I always wanted to be an actor! Always found it fun to emulate and/or imitate others
Best of luck to you too. sorry to hear that. Here's to No contact!!
Breast? Ah, I like it.
Wish a cute girl would stare at me.
Good, hope he actually takes that to heart!
I like to believe he faked his own death, so he can enjoy his many Bitcoin coins and wealth.
Trust me, I'd love to have foreskin but there's some sort of weird thing going on here involving circumcision.
Awesome! Thanks! I'll start the process tomorrow!
You having a bad day man?
I need like a drawn out visual or something
Oh, I saw it. I was giving him the benefit of the doubt to see if he wound up saying the quiet part out loud.
But why? I have enough awkward moments in my life. I just want to see comedy when I watch a show labeled as one.
Wish I had the confidence of [NAME]
I adore this comment section <3
i like frappes and shit when im feeling naughty but i drink tea daily
Proof of [NAME] love for mankind, beer and dogs. Love both and abuse neither.
Taking a charge up 30. I love this team
i feel lovely
That's my wife ❤
I love CoD4
i concentrated on the smell i started feeling it and knew it was the nostalgic aroma of my grand mother s home back in bhubaneswar orissa
i feel like they take time to care for their flowers and are wonderfully loyal to their hive
i feel i am more blessed than i can ever say
I hate how much I love these and the Banquet brownies. Only redeeming part.
[NAME], “How dare you show concern for the wounded!” Made me chuckle.
I like how you have the word idiot in your name. You are sure living up to it
I like it when science proves things I thought was common knowledge
Your cat is the best thing I've read all day. Take care of your cat!
Find a better partner. It's past time to move on! He sounds very lazy, selfish, and he doesn't care about your needs.
I feel a connection to this woman
Please get them into it. Toronto needs a better barn
Loved that show, but [NAME] put me right off it. Like fingernails down a chalk board.
Pulling for you so much ❤️. You got this!
i got to feel that kind of joy was during college and even then i was still caring for others providing for others and just generally being elizabeth
I wish I could forget
i head upstream to explore bringing my notebook to write up the events of the day and i soon find running water with some small pools big enough to strip down and throw some water on the ole corpse which feels lovely
Well done. I like it!!
i must say that i feel that i accepted something of a poisoned chalice
I like it
i do not want Wil gone. i love the kid
I love assault
i feel like ive been a totally hot mess that i had second thoughts about publishing it
i feel the gentle pull of your heart
Please boycott them! I'd love some shorter queues.
Don't worry. You'll grow out of Pearl Jam.
I loved [NAME]. He didn't seem evil at all!
May [NAME] bless your effort and raise your rank in Jannah. And may he bring relief to the [NAME] and all those suffering in the umma Ameen Ameen Ameen
i cant help but feel a longing to be outside more to feel the rain on my skin and sticky tree droppings on my feet
First of all, no. Second of all, she probable is still in love with you
Gotta love guarantee. You should come over to amtrak, at most crew bases it only takes two years to hold a job.
B-But big pharma is great! Vaccines everyone! Vaccines! We love big pharma! They never lie! Come on start circlejerking!
i feel hot when i walk to the market in the sun
The 4th from the right on the front row is still my favorite hat. It is hard to pair the Blue and Orange with a random outfit.
I love it lol!
Sometimes you gotta hate living to love life ya feel?
It’s like bombs over Baghdad to a whole new level... I LOVE IT!!
That's probably all I am going to do. Edit: I could also just visit this sub to find out what happens.
I lovee mazzy star sm, Flowers in December is my favorite song rn
Whatever you do, don't give your virginity to anyone. You will regret it if you give it up cheaply.
I really need to get more sleep.
Have a nice day sport.
use this to make you aim better than my bad aim :)
i feel so horny and naughty dressed up like this and my tgirl cock is getting a real work out as i continue to admire myself
i don t feel that he is supportive or encouraging to me
i feel and the longing i feel for is the connections i already have but have not been brave enough to complete my friendships
Yeah I love my friends and my own cats on drugs. They're the perfect buddies. I love being with them when I'm tripping.
I’m so sorry. Hang in there it’ll get easier.
I wish i could upvote more than once
If you're beignet hunting I also love the ones at Just For You, in the Dogpatch.
Comes from [NAME]. I love the seduction community.
Anytime, don't be afraid to reach out if you're feeling down.
i have this insatiable desire to plant and clean and i m feeling a little bit amorous
i feel lighter ive got more energy and im loving the rhythm of our days
Calm down. It's a real concept.
i told her it was ok for her to feel the way she was feeling and that she will always have many fond memories of our little house since it was her first home
i dream of making $7k
This is why I love baseball
i feel this is the time to mention a fond farewell to one of our longest running sponsors a href http www
I like you. Hi.
Careful, it's hot
ill be happy to take his money when ever he is feeling generous enough to part with it
Best of luck in your career :)
I think the dog is mostly worried about being fed and let outside when the last of the humans stop coming home.
Brah me and my fat family would of loved all that butter.
Always!! I especially love when they ask for the *exact thing that’s in their lunch* but, like, a new one.
i am pretty certain we will use this name as a middle name if its a girl as it has such a special feeling to it and the connection with his her poppy is so lovely to me
I love adamtots. He's a great comic creator
I guess I can see that, especially cuz [NAME] has connections with TMZ and they love drama between two people
im supposed to feel sympathetic to a child killer
I love Wayfair! Just started using them and am impressed. Sounds like UPS sucks. Enjoy your couches! Haha
i am stone and even with only the cm thickness i do not get anywhere near to feeling the slats supporting the mattress except when i sit on the edge unsurprisingly
i have a feeling its the kind of thing logan would have admired and hes the last person on earth would have ever betrayed that trust
i can like tbt when i m feeling nostalgic
YES please! I would love to see this map back in game! So many good memories
i cant escape the tears of sadness and just true grief i feel at the loss of my sweet friend and sister
i just went out into the garden and you can feel its hot but the wind is ridiculous
As much as I love cold fries, reddit karma is oh so good!
I love how the reason for the dislocation got progressively less extreme until the "I was sitting down" Man, getting old sucks
Be careful of drugs like MDMA. Often people regret taking it.
A million little things. I love it, but cheating arc within first couple episodes.
I'd take Florida winning it all this year, just so it's not Bama/Clemson 5
I love this sub reddit 😍😂
Best of luck. Don't be afraid to come back if you want specific talking points if you get stuck. And take care!
I love [NAME], he’s literally the craziest couch in the nba lol! He could win couch of the year or be fired next week!
He was trying to move the gun away so that it wouldn't hurt anyone!!!!.
i felt i handled it okay but the class really began to feel like instead of caring about the subject matter it was turning into a fight for my grade
Ferrets are such good ESA's though! Good for you at least, I love ferrets with all of my heart.
im spending every day waiting to hear from you and feeling like an idiot for caring
i know about have to do largely with the fact that any feelings romantic or sexual i have successfully hidden from myself
shouldve just given him the sum you usually pay and transfer the burden of awkwardness onto him
I love you both
love this!
[NAME] forbid i love and support and show that support and love for my country apparently im racist now...
Two twin mattress on the floor of my room pushed together. Luckily one of us has a particular love for the middle.
i enjoy not feeling horny not craving sex
Love your /u/ so much.
i feel compassionate toward myself and my bodys new limitations which i need to become accustomed to as time takes me further into middle age and aging
Wow, I wish we had info on which counties have it the worst. Was that in the article?
I will dude. Have a good one
Sending hugs and good vibes ❤️
I'm cringing for you. Good luck in your future after this.
Whataburger misses you
I love it! A smile from a stranger has really turned my day around, so I always hope I can possibly do the same!
i feel like i could have treasured the time we had together more like i could have made more of an effort to see you talk to you
I love it. She really snapped.
Appreciate you keeping to the bet. The other guy hasn't yet. Take care bro.
My favorite explosion in all of Star Wars.
i had to choose the sleek and smoother feel of the sweet revenge made drawing and handling the blaster a bit nicer
i feel like a treasured prize
im going to let myself feel tender about it blog about it then let it go
i feel sympathetic to them its hard to lose that third place
i don t understand it because this show is as expensive as any show that s ever been done by anyone i should think and we re making a profit um so you don t need to feel over sympathetic towards us
This just makes me want sushi.
[NAME] bless you, massive truck driver. Stay safe.
You have to sneak up on the flame by approaching slowly.
I wish you have a best luck on your journey.
i feel like i got in at that sweet spot before everyone realizes how messed up everything really is
i feel badly enough about myself and everything thats going on and some of these people that are supposed to be helping me arent particularly sympathetic
You just need to live your best life. Do the things that make you happy and don't dwell on any of the negatives.
Just got the Ultimate edition and it's already my favourite game of all time. I just wish everyone could agree [NAME] is best girl
Good luck [NAME]
We stick out in a crowd. You can run with it or hide from it. I love embracing it!
My favorite part of women being in the game is fucking destroying them. Take that femenists
i always feel a bit naughty on mondays
I would love you forever! Or dare I say, love you long time!
i always feel horny when im done but its definitely a large flaccid and my penis is sleepy and hangs low
I would really love to hear you expound on your idea of “truth”.
Let's do it (if done smartly by SK) NK wants to go the path of Vietnam in how they developed
He had a hat trick with Cruz Azul in what I think was his debut in the CONCACAF Champions League. Really wish he was given more of a chance
I’d love some actual lore relating to OW as a whole not just slapping names on single characters once every 6 months
trust me, you do not want to do this. i used to live with 2 party people and it was absolute hell. save yourself now
I feel bad for her, talk to her :(
I would love that, I kind of miss him
i am feeling less than glam at the moment to be reminded of our lovely nuptials last summer
ive stamped out old relationships feeling like the distance and time apart would cause people to forget or somehow give enough reason for them to stop caring about me
I just want the last couple [NAME] nerfs rolled back, she's still good but not as fun.
I don't mind helping people but often the problems seem so petty and small and the solution is so simple.
I know I care about people more than animals... Im a fucking monster.
Plutocrats love Wealthcare.
Stay strong. You've come this far. Keep going.
I love how you're getting downvoted for understanding ENTPs better than the "ENTPs" in this thread.
I hope the surgery goes well and have a quick recovery 💚
i had a great relationship i feel so blessed to have had such a strong male figure in my life he truly treated me like his princess
i think about the woman in the congregation who cried as she spoke about the family trying to find a church where her homosexual daughter would feel accepted
Same. I want to play through it to get the platinum trophy on PS4 but it's not worth the time sink.
Be honest with her... or put her on a pedestal just high enough to see up her dress... ;)
i feel so fond of my friends
I like your answer and good on ya, love me some [NAME]!
i used to wake up feeling horny sometimes and have to finish myself off before i got up
[NAME] dammit I love wrestling
love you too.
I have no idea what your post means but I love your name and you are one of us
i shy away from songs that talk about how i feel toward god or that maybe even talk about my faithful response toward god
Old people sure do love their cable news history
Aww I love it, she looks really cute with short hair!
i needed to look for something to assist us because it does not bring a good feeling for her supporting the family
i didn t feel particularly sympathetic toward her
I love them too. That one is definitely my favourite. Here’s a close second. He speaks three ‘space languages’
Wow, I love the car ride idea. Thanks for sharing that!
i counsel people who are in abusive relationships i have prided myself with understanding how they feel being a supportive resource because i get it
If they add the yellow boots I’ll be happy. I really like this suit
Love it!
Thins are my favorite and I will not apologize. It makes the flavor of the cookie shine through.
shitposts are hazardous to your health.
Everyone loved the Snacks trade.
Misread. I’m with you my dude.
i was the new guy and you never know how people are going to react how theyre going to feel about you but everyone was really gracious
im feeling a bit nostalgic about this flashback friday entry because i realise how different things are today
im left feeling nostalgic and lonely
I like were ur head is.
Yes I would love to see!
I love you.
i miss feeling pretty and delicate
You are welcome! Love to you on the journey!
You really need to learn to read. 32 isn't too late!
I will aspire to know the truth. Do not worry. and I will pray to [NAME].
I would love to see an [NAME] cosplay!
This is my bestie's favorite song.
That's cute love it!
i wonder if they will even think back to the times that i have begged them to just be there for me or just be on my side or just offer me any kind of suppport or the feeling of them caring at all
i have to admit i was feeling pretty horny nicole
Well then outlive your enemy, get pass your old self that is the enemy and you can outlive the enemy
I love Rocket Love and Blasted. I just wonder who the songs were written for because these are all reference tracks except Acura Intergul
I have always loved [NAME], love the deadpan humor of him and peavis, and he's just a talented and amusing guy.
i mean people are discussing things about which they feel passionate
Yay we start off with the love triangle!
Fair enough. Taking a break can be good. I wish you the best of luck.
i also feel like i have been accepted with open arms hearts and minds thanks for facilitating this welcoming and supportive community marie
As much as I hate [NAME] I love the guy a lot
I love to see the Celtics give up [NAME] and [NAME] only to have [NAME] walk to literally any other team
I prefer HOWDY MISTER
I would be interested in some of this stuff. Would love to see if posted here
i really am a hard worker and feel quite loyal to places i work
I WaS KIddInG i loVE U lOLlOL
England is all about driver safety. Competence...well....
i feel absolutely lovely now with a cup of hot green tea next to the keyboard
i was put on a less powerful pain med drip but i didnt feel out of control so i liked that drug better
i feel caring in telling you this is because to maintain a healthy weight you have to learn to not overeat on your stressful days which tend to be most days
i love this
i feel so blessed to be a part of your days
I’m gonna love it if that happens to me
I would meet up in a public place first. Invite her to a bar within walking distance of your place and assess. Safety first.
Haha love it we'll uhm not the penis
I love seeing satan... I mean saban upset
Thanks love <3
Love the flower, and hope you feel better!
i reshaped the workout slightly because my left upper arm was feeling tender
My no. 1 favorite quote on the show right here
I wish. I got to revisit all the cringy things I liked in middle school. There were almost 1000 pictures and literally 700 of them were memes
Future MILs love LOVE love getting on Reddit though.
im not going to tell you to feel loving feelings toward her
I actually liked them. I love the idea of Conqueror being a rabid and maniac dog.
i feel romantic too
I like His And Hers Poker Podcast
Wow! Prayers for everyone there.
Fuck yeah dude. I need pizza now also. The beer and bourbon are flowing nicely. Cheers and happy New year
It’s called concern trolling. Don’t be so gullible and quick to politicize everything.
If he isn't respecting your clear boundaries then you should block him and move on with your life. He's not worth your time.
i find myself smiling at their feelings towards me and almost feeling affectionate towards them
I LOVE THE HIGHS TOO. At least I know tomorrow I will hate them. Is the good worth the bad? Sometimes...
In the USA you won’t disappear for badmouthing the USA. That’s what I love about it.
[NAME] TAKE MY HEART
[NAME]. I love that this is the top comment.
Holy crap. I wish real life looked this good...
I love how [NAME] touted the Hong Kong model as something beneficial. What a joke.
Make a doctor's appointment and say you are experiencing lack of sleep because of anxiety. Doesn't get easier.
I need help with corsets but otherwise would be mortified to need help for every day clothes.
I like that we get to see how varied artists are.
Love the cheese!
This is the only thing I care about from this entire season so far.
Such lovely humans here. Have fun with that type of attitude
I love [NAME] so much
I always tried to go first if possible tbh. You're not gonna get away, might as get it over with quickly.
I love when the subreddit shows [NAME] some love! We have so many people that keep an ear to the ground for quality [NAME] content.
I also love Dallas Observer's Concert Calendar by day:
:) i like it
I suggest going to the food carts. Buy some legal weed. Enjoy the bars. Go to Washington Park.
i can sink into the stillness to feel the gentle hum of that light there is pleasure in contrast
I used to love watching that show.
Nia even in its current state vr can help you with that. And maybe even more 5 years from now.
[NAME] is my top choice. Love the tape and could anchor the line for many years
Calm down kid jeez
I love how he says the crime *solving* boat, like there was another show about a boat committing crimes.
I love her so much
Need chemicals. Love it.
> I feel the big man deserves some love. Because people on places like /r/pcmasterrace doesn't treat him like the second coming of [NAME].
you too! And I'm glad to hear you support your daughters rock/fandom love:)
I wish someone would do this for me.
I really love that game devs are started to put these references in games.
I can be convinced to like any trade right now but it all comes down to the return.
Cuddling. Lots of cuddling
We need more boards and to create a bit more space for [NAME]. Then we’ll be good.
I LOVE BASKETBALL
i write these words i feel sweet baby kicks from within and my memory is refreshed i would do anything for this boy
Good luck dude!! Try to lower your expectations and everything will be more enjoyable .
Eh for the right money you cant go wrong letting the kid earn it
I was hoping that wouldn't be the case, that really sucks man. Hope you find something that ignites your passion again!
Document everything, get financially independent, be free. Good luck my friend.
I love CO2.... ... as carbonation in beer and soda.
I love you, as a feminist with ASD words are very hard for me and you described this so well
This, be yourself she likes you for who you are.
Happy cake day! Have a great day and year, cheers.
i was heartsick or feeling overly romantic and i dont even feel like ive made any connections like that
I had dream where someone said this to me having no idea it was him
You need to make sure that healthy food is within convenience for the players so that they don’t end up eating 2 minute noodles every day
i feel so deeply loved by her in a way that it disorients me
I love it when drama comes home to roost
Love both sports, but this is what annoys me about Boxing when compared to MMA. If this was the UFC this fight would have happened years ago
Ok maybe I should watch Tangled
This is the best. I love it
Screw the watch stuff, I wanna hear about the porn
I absolutely love it that EVERYONE is scoring... please keep this up for the rest of the season.
no job security and your prospects for future employment are severely hurt
I like these kinds of multicultural projects. Very much in line with my feels about South Africa.
Don't worry, with a lifestyle that requires them to have a new hip before the age of 20 they won't be making it much further.
Listen to it while you're sad
He is not acknowledging anything, he is hoovering. Don’t fall for it.
I freakin' love Corgis!! 🐕🥰
LPT: If you need more money just get a better job that pays more!
im not going to lie some days i feel uber supportive and other days i feel uber frustrated
Get rid. This is a toxic relationship that is making you unhappy. You are making all efforts for nothing in return.
Ha! I like that one.
Lmao I feel you.
I would eat the everloving bejeesus out of that pickle.
Let's wait till BFV leaves alpha before we plan the next one. But seriously, that would be a great setting.
i love casual racism
Love that car
Love that we have the same amount of playoff wins as them this year!
i love feeling loved but i hate that he seems so devastated
If I get another dog imma name it after a [NAME] song SO FUCKING CUUUUTE
I'd love that
i feel like there are a couple of castanets songs i really liked over the last five or eight years but i feel like ray raposa just got lost in that wave of freak folk that rolled in and crested in like and then got washed back out to sea
Eh I kinda won't him less now. I like the chase
[NAME] still got a little pop tho for calling for the match. Makes me smile that the crowd still loves her.
i feel like shes losing her sense of self to adapt to what she thinks he will be loyal to
If you drop your toy gun and someone picks it up and points it at you, you're not going to be threatened by it.
i feel the gentle press of the seed through the soil
I wish there was a bridge there, because then that would have been worth it. This river is the biggest pain in my zone!
I love this so much, glad [NAME] made it to San Jose after all
Welcome to the gloaming. Yes.
Bee happy! ' v')
thanks, got traded from the habs and I remembered liking his game during pre season, was wondering why he got sent down. oh, and fuck [NAME]
Something something don't fight what you hate, save what you love.
Took devils -1.5. Gotta love sports betting in Jersey.
Don't worry dude. The ladies could never see it if you remain to be a virgin and keep your pants up.
If you have a pelvic kidney and some back pain, I know of the perfect hospital in Florida for you.
Escape and after some time then die, this is a pretty bad advice so just don't do it
Love how he stops and embraces the pole.
i just saw a post on one girls facebook page that said something to this effect im feelin horny
i only want jayson cause i feel that hes the most supportive person and he is the person that will be able to help me through the delivery
I always love her reaction. She acts like life is over.
I wish I could :( tried
im excited and i feel like this is a project that i can be passionate about and totally immerse myself in
best: buy flowers because you want to make you SO smile worst: keep going because love is what matters not the issues
im just feeling very delicate today
I've been seeing these since I was a kid! Wish we all had an answer...
love that guy
You're not missing anything, don't worry about it.
I guess but we love each other.
Don't be so hard on yourself. Often, things need time. Don't beat yourself up over it.
>We must invade Brazil to protect the Amazon rainforest from the fascist [NAME] Retards on r/worldnews
I'd love to do that one day
Just remember I love you
Geezuz, this brute is damn hot. I'm In Love.
I like beating wales cause my friend is welsh and I like beating the french because I’m English and it feels natural
Therapy NOW! Who hurt you? First of all, i'm very sorry that happened to you but you are loved...
Good luck.
You have my support.
I feel you girl
i want all of my feelings rage and terror and longing to wash over me and fill me as the alternative is the dull anxiety of every day living
You did. But I’m not arguing with a bunch of troglodytes. Have a nice day.
Gotta love jetpacking.
I wish I had your efficiency. I can be at work a full shift and still get almost nothing done.
I always loved Sunday’s because it was Extreme Homemaker, Desperate Housewives, and then Grey’s Anatomy.
Nope, try to keep up.
>call people faggots > lovingly describe the beauty and strength of a man's physique
I LOVE google voice! IT's the only way I can get my parents to reply to anything!
Hey fellow conservative, you seem concerned.
Keep it simple. Do what makes the money so you can go do what you want.
Replace that friend with a whole pile of desillusioned friends and you might as well @me
I just hope [NAME] doesn't lose hope. Dudes got a great heart. But knowing our organization...
Where's your helmet?! Gotta love helmets.
Just found UPPERROOM a few months ago and really love them! All the rest are staples in my playlists too!!!
I love your writing style!
Right! I wish that fool would throw in some examples.
Ugh, I want to have his baby too...
I LOVE [NAME]. I truly do. I will be happy to vote for her, but pointing out clear differences is not negative.
Id like to see Finland win it. But id like to see [NAME] and [NAME] carry their teams in every way possible to those losses.
Replacing pillows often is also important. Buy more less expensive pillows. I love pillows from Ikea.
Please don't. I like the gym too be quiet
All the best. Safe travels.
Loving this guys game. So much more confident as the team lead
Everyone has a purpose, just have to find what that purpose is for you.
Were lucky we were able to get this much money back for him wish him all the best in spain
Nah they did a good job. It appears you’re very mentally unwell, I hope you get better.
i feel like my girls are really starting to get it and i am loving hearing them sing the christmas songs about jesus
Yeah I’d love a before and after!
i can feel something inside me something delicate and peaceful unfurling inside my chest
im feeling a bit of wanderlust since im about to go away on holiday for a few days with my beloved g
Be brave Star Wars fans. You've likely been analyzing RotJ wrong your entire life. OP has it all figured out. Amazing. I love you.
Im not a brexiter. In fact, this is my concern with a second referendum. I'm worried that remain will lose.
I love the vid, I just wish it was longer ;_;
i feel we need a little romantic boost in the relationship
i like to add a slice of cheese and some pepper to the egg and when i am feeling naughty i like to add some chocolate chips to my trail mix another treat i am loving as a pregnant mom who often craves a sweet but doesn t want to overload on sugar or empty calories is zico coconut water in chocolate
I dont know.. i did message him many times but he didnt reply me.. i am worried about him. I asked his mother about him
Yes and quite alot of reasons building up. Me, people, past. I hope you will be ok.
The saddest part is that just this morning when we were laying in bed I was thinking about how much I love him.
I would say love is never enough. Love is unconditional. Relationships are not.
I should have said without nuts in hindsight, but this woman was ready to kill. Gotta love hospitality sometimes.
I love how he calls himself a "decent man" and the other guy a "douche" even though he's the one who wants to fight him
While the new Preds jerseys have grown on me a lot; I do looove Vegas' jerseys.
i ain t shot a bitch since this morning so i m feelin a little gun horny
Good mythical morning. Hope you get better soon
This is incredible. I love this album so much. Everybody wants to rule the world is so good.
No worries. We just like to make sure everyone is safe and has a voice.
You contradicted yourself
i have been in dublin i could not be more grateful for this class as it has allowed me to work with people in need but also allowed me to feel accepted and immersed in the city
I have but one upvote to give, otherwise you would get more.
It's creepy but also sad that the guy was bathing in your fountain, hey at least it wasn't your pool.
Loved this video so much! [NAME] is my favorite and her pups crack me up!
Alright, I really wanted you to go to HR but it might not go right for you
I like [NAME]’ “I’m tired of losing, I’m not a loser”
Yes I would rather have a government agency waste the money on food stamps. Right wing moron.
Love it.
The QB said they loved it
I did that a lot as well. I always loved going with her.
I love doxies. They're absolutely the best most pain in the ass wonderful loyal dogs.
Oh, no wonder I like her so much!
i feel there is also a difference between loving someone and being in love with someone
Point is, you’ll have to come clean. Sooner rather than later. And if she loves you, she can forgive you.
Be yourself and be kind. That matters more than tiny differences. ❤️
Praying this goes to at least 4. I like both the players but would really like to see [NAME] play to his max GS potential
i can honestly say that while i havent enjoyed learning the lessons we have learned i do feel as though we have come out stronger and tougher and more loving and more appreciative
An imaginary god won't make you feel better, that's right, just the one true Living and Eternal God of Great Mercy who loves you.
i once read that when we feel nostalgia we are actually longing for heaven
Did you shoot your husband?? I love my husband! Yeah but did you shoot him??
I love polo shirts
I love playing [NAME] against everyone. Main fire for 2 seconds, alt fire in the head, 100🔥
I'm sure he'd love to do that. Just have to get a few others on board first haha.
This is why I worry about you sometimes
They probably got de-funded. I need to support them.
Yeeeaaaah, move out and keep showing off the clam.
[NAME] cares like a father incredible
Or plan ahead, call 511 periodically for updates, and don't put your shitty load ahead of your own life.
i feel like maybe he is going to stop loving me or maybe its true and im a terrible wife
I'm a sexworker and trust me, plenty of us love our jobs an our work.
If he does well, do you guys think that's a sign that we could flip a senate seat? I like [NAME] a lot.
im not feeling very loyal toward them
im feeling craving theres always a tender morsel of a song ready to appease my appetite
i feel so horny in these thigh high nylons
i feel that more people ought to use percolated as a synonym for horny
i feel for loving you
i have been blogging i have told you of the countless ways that i feel loved and blessed by the people i call my friends
*pat pat* they will all be fine
I want a DL thats about 800€ for a month is the one who's new here lol.
i feel like there is so much more i could be doing for the community and loving children is what i excel at
i know its not my fault but after failing to keep three babies alive in my womb how else should i feel two friends came by with a sweet gift and a sandwich for todd
Gotta love [NAME].
im feeling romantic lately so i decided to go with this nail design
i feel a bit naughty too for making it all public but then i remembered when i was made to feel like shit and had my confidence stripped
i have been becoming i definitely want to include in my revamped definition of strength my impulse to nurture my sense of resonating to the feelings of others like a sympathetic string the way i ve been able to let go into life as an emotional being
I once hi-fived the GCS mascot and loved to tell the tale, [NAME]!
i do my best at making sure my husband feels loved important and cared for with my whole heart
I love your your moment, too many favs I but first that comes to mind is [NAME] finally suits up as [NAME]
Don’t fall for it.
i feel a little delicate
i know lloyd very well he lives in my street and once asked me out im just wondering how i would be feeling if i had accepted him
don’t doubt us, we really love [NAME]
He’s just tired and needs to rest.
I’m not much into either, but I have my share of stupid desires. I really want more mermaid tails.
I just wanted my knees to stop hurting
You have clear issues, get help.
i tried to explain to him how i feel when he says he is supportive and then he just goes about life status quo
Yeeeeaaaaahhhhh, im gonna need a source on that 40% statistic
i feel the sweet red leaves
i had been indifferent to tell the feelings and words i had treasured ever since the feeling start to bloom are one of the moments i want to keep
Love the [NAME]. They have a great dynamic and it looks like a genuine friendship.
My empathy to you.
I like you. Yes, you.
The staff there know what they're talking about whether or not you're making money, no matter how difficult will be huge. you are not alone.
i don t want you to feel left out o faithful reader i love you too
Bruh I wish 😖
[NAME] ignored [NAME] and I loved it
I am loving this exchange. At first I felt really really insecure that my sister and I are best friends and now I realize this person is ridiculous.
i feel like i am single handedly supporting the cupcake industry
i have become more and more concerned not only for my own future daughters but for all the girls who are out there currently trying to feel accepted by the worlds standards
I wish I could hear Waves with earbuds/headphones for the first time again
I wish. Chalk it up to a brain fart
i missed the blessing of god s providence the feeling that god was caring for me and protecting me
**I LOVE YOU!!!!** *[NAME] has unfollowed you.* ...oh.
i can t say i feel all that sympathetic
I love you and your love for your dogs. You matter, and I hope that you're able to access and find treatment to improve your life.
No problem. It will seem impossible at first but just keep your cool! Best of luck
i love that channel
i will pay a month for months and feel shame every time i grill a hot dog from that point on
Their stuff is actually really amazing! Everything from brushes to lipsticks I've loved
Bahaha I wish! I copied and pasted it off the internet but yeah that’s some serious research
Poor [NAME]. I like her. I wish they'd show what's going on with her.
Loved that damn [NAME]
I like Tom and Kato.
Do not go gendered into that good lighting. *takes selfie*
You shouldn’t forget it, and you probably need therapy. Years of abuse like that takes its toll.
HUGE RED FLAG. Don't ignore it!
My new favourite bromance
I hate losing to the Blackhawks like I love my wife: Intensely.
[NAME], I’d like to buy a letter A...
Y'all just introverted. It's cool to be akward we extroverts, at least smart ones, love you anyway
I love [NAME]
i retorted feeling my face grow hot
im feeling naughty i like to add a little bourbon
> I really hope QCX addresses that last point. Who knows [NAME] could've fled with the money or something. What the hell dude. lol
I wish that laugh would jump off
Hahaha love it
I was linked the unarchived link and it has some important updates. Wish the OP wasn't so salty and linked the actual
i am very excited to finally meet that companion that companion who will be with me at all times especially when i am lonely very lonely that companion who will never disappoint me that companion who will put his arms around me and make me feel loved
At least take a cloth and wipe off the dust. I've seen better condition stuff at the thrift store.
I want to SO bad
i woke up twas am according to the clock on my bedside table with my heart racing and i was feeling very very hot
I love how he’s still smiling while being eaten
Agree, I love her so much
I live in Raleigh and all the Canes fans I know love it. So the players love it and the fans love it. Everyone else can chill
[NAME] is one of my favorite [NAME]. I would love for him to come home to LA
Oh [NAME] please don’t put them in a team together.
I draw with a wacom tablet, and I want to be an animator, maybe some game stuff down the line
You’re better off going to University
Oh [NAME] I love [NAME]!
How could I not? These actors...I love them. Their faces give me joy, hope.
i miss the feeling of someone actually caring about what is going on with me and how i am feeling
i feel like im single handedly supporting the tissue industry at the moment
Ok, for the low price of $27.97 I will help you out.
He was transgender or wanted to be as well. Super rare case in a few ways.
What will the UN bring anyway? Turkey will be victorious. I love my country.
i feel so horny just thinking about this
i guess since this book kind of bring a negative feeling to my self that im longing to find my simon i guess i wont be reading a romance book again in the future
She did mention she loves making costumes
i want more than anything is for my kids to feel loved safe and cared for
For some reason, I thought this was one of his Bros trying to save him from her.
Dark humor is like food. Teenagers love it and prefer quantity over quality.
ive used before and it smells a bit floral which isnt my cup of tea however it feels lovely on and makes my face feel soft and smooth like its been polished
1.0mg is a high dose. My husband is an insomniac and can't take that dose without nightmares.
In the 1st quarter too. I love it.
Go to about the 13 minute mark. It gets better for her.
[NAME] does love [NAME] I absolutely love Turkey- it's a shame I don't see myself visiting any time soon
I like the Canucks. And I hate the leafs and rags sooo I’m on board.
i feel about the loss of our beloved dog chewie
That's a shame. Well good luck
i sit here just a few hours after seeing this fucking thing and swimming in post traumatic combat shock i am reminded that clich s flaws and feeling like a supporting character in your own movie are what often define our real lives and the world we live in
i laced my shoes and pounded out those feelings on the hot black pavement before me
The supplement industry is another scam. Multi billion dollar industry. Stop wasting your money on GNC prework out drinks and go straight to the real source.
Condiments suck. Mostly because I love them so much. Why cant they just be free calories?!?!
Then leave him. You're not married and sexually comparability is a huge part of making a relationship work. Don't underestimate this my friend.
Yeah it's takes some time but use all that negative energy and focus on yourself.
I’d love to hear Zombie Bastards, King of the World, and the Angel and the One.
I wish I could get 9 usd per hour in my job. (not American).
i feel like washing and caring for the lunapads teaches a certain amount of appreciation for our things
I'll die on this hill with you. Amen.
i feel about the scratches the way i feel about my wrinkles i am fond of them and regard them as evidence of a life well lived
i still feel very amorous
Although these are seemingly overpriced, yes, I adore these pieces.
Wow, if I hadn't seen my mom's cat recently I'd think this was him! I hope you find the owners
i am not feeling horny im just letting baba see the emote
[NAME], loved the story. Personally I don’t think this was petty I think it was quite fair and right. Good job dude.
i couldnt be entirely satisfied because i longed for a companion i could feel entirely devoted to as i am now
"Eh" Love it.
That's super fricking cool I love it
What I'm suggesting is that since companies are "people" in the terms of citizens united, something like this could have some interesting unintended consequences.
You’re like not wrong but I wanted to play up the immaturity. I’ll go back and edit
i do love air at alton towers though i feel like im flying its a lovely free feeling though to be fair if any bird flew as fast randomly and upside as that rollercoaster i think it would end up beak first into the nearest tree
Its a tough thing, but our government NEEDS to be downsized drastically. I just hope the affected employees have help with the transition.
I would like to send you a card or an email for your next birthday if you would want that :)
Heh I love this.
Im almost done with season 7 now. This show ans the office were probably my two all time favorite shows.
I love this kid.
This is the kind of winning I love. Winning because [NAME] has 25 and [NAME] has 29
I wish I could be you. Our thing is dragging on forever and I’m heartbroken af.
[NAME]. Please, [NAME].
I love how adgag laws are legalized illegal activities, look it up!
[NAME] is a sensitive topic for me, so when she is brought up, sometimes I just go on a little tangent. My apologies.
In such a situation, I would save the mother. Always.
They gonna be some big books, don’t you worry.
Hope you're ok!
ive been feeling the desire for a romantic interest even with my circumstances i feel as though im emotionally ready for a special someone in my life
i was feeling generous that saturday morning and told them to go ahead with their plan to have the stand and if they made enough money id take them to the theater to see a movie
If you can't do your jobs you risk fucking losing them.
Mine do this too and it melts my heart every day. Such pure love for each other.
If the blindness ever comes back for whatever reason, try doing this:
i know i just ended a very big giveaway here on the muse but im still feeling quite generous
Have faith, I'm sure there is enough fan support for more popular characters to be brought back.
I wouldn't get your hopes up until you've been dating a while.
I’m going to bed nowish, hope you’re ok. HMU if you want.
"Kids stay by the ram it's not safe"
Don't worry, all these people will get the rope once I've established my new world order
This is my dream deal as well please basketball gods make it happen
i feel one with everything i meet even here when i return to this body out with you my beloved father indeed am beginning to realize the meaning of that unearthly love which i have sought for so long
I think I just view her even more as a friend instead of as a psychiatrist. I can’t help but worry about her wellbeing listening to me
Holy crap! I want to hear this story!
[NAME] would love [NAME]. [NAME] would hate [NAME].
Japanese Raws? This manga is ongoing and next chapter is 217 as far as i'm concerned
Ill take condoms and council tax over dying in horrible pain from typhoid but each to there own.
i guess this is exactly what being feels like longing to go on adventure but at the same time feeling like you want to settle
I'm glad you're feeling better! Keep smiling :)
Damn, I’d love to own a stg-44...
[NAME] is going to love her!
Never heard of him before, But I believe in [NAME]. He’s going to be a legend after we hire [NAME]. Long live [NAME].
i feel like i should mention that i wasnt fond of the damn shapeshifter in the first place
Monster hunter world is making me desperately want to stay up all night and play it. But I can't make it past 11pm anymore 😫
I have pretty bad anxiety and have recently adopted two kittens. I definitely feel less anxious when I'm around them as they are such sweet animals.
That's a great dream. I love how your inner voice of him came out. It feels right on.
I feel like I say this a lot but I wish we'd run the mudiay frank back court more, I like their chemistry together
Look at CBG as well. It's got anti inflammatory properties. Wifey feels its the best medicine for her cramps.
i love you [NAME] and and son [NAME] and the holy spirit love
We love you!!!!! And we would love if you still made them
I love making peoples’ names verbs related to things they do!
The stress that effects you stresses the baby before it’s born. It effects the bond you have and even your milk supply if you breastfeed.
[NAME] is my daddddyyy!!!! And I can’t be on this planet without her/him!!!!!
i don t feel respect i don t feel admiration and i don t feel an entirely romantic tone
Keep it going. Love your hot takes on this sub.
I love happy endings.
Wish you did more. Sounds like she deserved worse.
You guys are horrible. I love it.
Not only your boyfriend thinks you are hot, Iike your haircut😉
Haha okay. Much love brother!
She liked the bumper sticker so much she decided to get it for herself
i feel his gracious hand upon my life
We still luv u
i probably missed you too much jongwoon teases but ryeowook doesn t have to hear him say it to know it s truth feeling it in his kisses the gentle touches up his spine warm breath ghosting over his ear
I just want to note that "Live Photo" is something how I'd expect [NAME] describe a video.
i feel very romantic now all i have left to try out is barry m almond from the same range
[NAME] I hope we get lucky again. Great job with the write up. I don’t follow college ball too much so this helps a ton.
I love Invader Zim.
Good for you, maybe some day you'll come to an understanding of each other but familiarity breeds contempt.
> If you love that you probably also love no man sky's algorithm. I loved it back then, because it was the only game.
i wish it was 2 hours :(
I know I haven't been myself lately but listen! I can do better and I can change!
Thats the problem you have with this? Mule kick in zombies has exactly what he wants xD
Her hair has looked it’s best since around 2015ish. I love the dark hair on her with the subtle pops of color.
Wow this is amazing. LOVE THIS!!!
Love it yeet
Yeah he's a real one. I would've loved him coaching the Broncos
Love it!
Whatever you do, respect the kids' genders.
I would love to see spirit in her kimono as well if that,s possible in the future >< I love your work !
"[NAME], meet [NAME]" love that show
I used to like [NAME] so much him and [NAME] were one of my fave couples but I’m over him and his BS lol
Hahaha that’s amazing. Good for you
This is amazing!! I love it!
i do love how absolutely distraught the girls look
[NAME] please don’t come to the USA. We’d love to have you...but you don’t need to deal with this.
I <3 your application of facts.
i feel absolutely loved
Don't be angry. Encountering toxic people in online games is common and you won't change that. Try playing single-player or games with more sophisticated community
I love this game but even I'm not spending money till some of the bugs are fixed
He’s a coward, but no need to ruin his life. You should feel sorry for him.
It just has to be clean and hygienic. Maybe make sure you got food and wine on deck
I love this so much
I'd love it, too. Might be that I've just gotten an idea for a post.
I love this.
Scars do not fade after 2 weeks. Its gonna take a few months. I've got some nasty scars too girl I feel your pain
I love Ashtray
I thought that said affordable, and i was really concerned
I love that he wears the rad suits. You do you Mr [NAME].
I hope you have good people around to support one another.
Myself and Mr. [NAME] agree small breasted women make the best lovers.
i feel gentle as if i have let go of so much
Love it when the wife goes lets it go retro. Also love it when she gets that puppy waxed.
I wish could do what you do. It has been my dream. Im jealous
I just can’t. I love you [NAME], thanks for the laughs always x
Good luck my tw broskies :(
i really wish i had the courage to drag a blade across my skin i wish i could do it i wish i could see the blood and feel that sweet release as it starts to pour out of my flesh and down my body
i feel like not caring
I love this sub so much.
Understood - PM was all gears and no downtime. Last thing I would want is another bloody job like that. Cheers
i feel no joy no pride there is nothing to be admired in that foul achievement
[NAME] leans so far forward when he skates we love a king of physics and momentum 😤
I love this 😂
Oh but they will be sweet photos to look at in the future.
i feel like its about supporting something that you believe in
I love tropical weather, it's the endless ocean and moving ship (I have bad vertigo).
Sorry to hear that, mate. Please get some professional help.
You gotta find that fine line where you amass as much paper equity as possible while not sacrificing what’s really important in life.
My two favorite channels are Inner Integration and From Surviving to Thriving. Both have many videos, and they really get it.
im feeling to what im watching and reading beware here be spoilers and music that im loving to listen to
Me too! They were half off at the grocery store and people love ‘em.
Love how they all claim no one pays any attention to the comments then acknowledge a comment section personality.
I will pray that she (or whoever may be pressuring her into making this decision) will have a change of heart and spare the baby's life.
I will pray for your marriage. After we win.
I absolutely love how you can't read what's in yellow somehow it perfects this cringe
bless his heart
Don't self-diagnose. Talk to a medical professional and check for known diseases that may cause depression (hashimoto's comes to mind).
I like it when a girl's nails are done. Nothing over the top long but I love french tips. Plus they're great for back scratches.
Also the people there would love our scarlet and gold colors (I'm Chinese).
"I like it when you x", "can you try doing y?" - focus on positive and giving advice
Truly a blessed day for you! Shine on!
im sure they feel the more caring loving people in the kids lives the better
I both love and hate everything about this
but I love your username
i feel like there is a tender spot still empathizing and feeling alongside those who are suffering
Sending love. I am so sorry you are going through this
Thank you, this was what I was hoping to hear. The last thing I'd want right now is to make mourning him any harder.
love u too
It’s a highly catchy and enjoyable song, I really like it. Not everything should be lyrical miracle spiritual individual music
I really like [NAME] and [NAME] on the court together
I am happy for you. No, seriously, I am.
Since it's a very unlucky case i would tell you to just have a really big amount of pacience and maybe have a date once a time
love that, we need more women like you
omg what a nightmare, I feel for you 😞 is there any way you could order it online?
I'm here for you😄😜
Can confirm, I have 2 (but be careful as you may still be allergic to their saliva)
I think of [NAME] hot dogs. I hate that I love them so much.
ive been munching on craisins when i feel like something sweet
I want the real thing because animals are nice and labs are not. I love animals. I want more of them
i try to work but i cant concentrate me on something else than you and i log in my private journal to share my feelings my love with my faithful compagnon journal
Brother I desire your honey
i need to get a job but due to my very silly head i dont really know what i feel passionate about anymore nor do i know what drives me
I really like Funhaus
Same here. Waiting for the doctor rn. Hope you're ok
Good for you.
Damn. I love peppermint.
Definitely don’t rush. That’s how unfortunate decisions happen, and then you’re linked to that person for the rest of your life.
Here’s to taking care of ourselves and reaching out to each other and getting the support we need!
I'm so sorry, please stay strong and know you're loved
I can’t see her cheeks...wait a min. Oh those cheeks!!
Think you need more gin with it and you will be alright next time
but this girl said no make out lmao she just want a cuddle buddy till marriage XD
All the best!
They need to practice intuitive feeling and depression acceptance.
Omg. I hope she is ok! Poor [NAME].
Thanks for the reply! I appreciate your input. Please keep me in the loop, I’d love to be more active with this if possible.
When America decides to care that they aren’t paying one of the military branches. Which will be never.
[NAME] in the trash that's just how I like it good list
i feel her longing to be touched and all that but really with the guy who wanted to control you and make you kill other people
Being adorable mostly
I'd love [NAME] to smash some faces in.
I love you so much. > **"putas"** Qué eres mi que? (don't how can i translate it)
i do my yoga i open up feel tender two hours later i m nicely swaddled up again happily wrapping layer upon layer over it out of my well meaning habit
*sobbing* I love you bro, you always there for me *continues sobbing*
I love the way he starts kicking the guy while holding the 2 Ak's
My favorite!
Someone please send me the full episode I need to see the rest :(
One of my favorite films. I got to see a screening with a live soundtrack conducted by [NAME]. There were tears in my eyes!
i know theres a saying tell someone how you feel because things can change in the blink of an eye or something along those lines but although thats sweet and all and while its easy to say things like that its really not easy to say it to that person
i feel affectionate toward the friends ive made online and admire their spirits and talents
Wayakum, [NAME] make it easy for you inshAllah. Feel free to PM me if you or your brother have any questions. Would love to help out.
Nah I like my pockets kief free
i am trying really hard because i really want to feel faithful and close to him
Ikr. Spend your time doing better things like reading [NAME] fanfics ❤️
Thanks, I love it
Not a chance, and I love it!
i screwed my brows together when i realized this reaction and pondered what could possibly make me feel so fond of a stranger
> it’s a low f-ing bar lbr It is indeed. But I am glad that you found a man who doesn't want anal.
One of things I loved about this subreddit is the use of the old school meme format
i write on this space i feel quite nostalgic and my mind races back to the good old days when i used this as a daily haven to park my learnings and memories
You should have asked her out. It would have made her feel better after that and you might have scored a date.
I dealt drugs like FIZZLE ROCKS to help my sick mom.
Cheers, guys! We are never drinking alone when we are here! But in person, I love drinking alone.
I love you. I had no idea before now, but I love you.
i am feeling in a generous mood and a mood of gratitude
i just feel like i did last weeks what im loving wednesday post yesterday
I wish my family was a gov so I could charge random people on the street for my family's mess ups :/
i get to know about it the more guilty i feel for not being as faithful as these guys are
i feel like my beloved mixer is an extension of my body
i went from feeling supportive kind and compassionate towards this person to wanting to lash out at them i can t though she blocked me clearly she has more experience at this than i do
I have a Secrets engagement ring, I love it, cost 1/10th of a real diamond and no one can tell. Would highly recommend!
I just came home, what the fuck is this lineup? I love you [NAME] you mad bastard !!!
i am feeling so nostalgic lately i would like to say it is because i am yearning for a simpler time but those times i find myself thinking of are far from simple
Hi [NAME] nice to see you
I pray the chains that make this life hard are broken by gods power and you are freer with each day!
This is one of my favorite of [NAME] songs although all of them are really good. Either beautiful of funny all of them
You okay there, bot?
Love it! It’s somewhat realistic. Maybe not that THAT degree, but I enjoyed it.
i feel that if i make one mistake everything will shatter like a delicate crystal flower that slipped from my grasp
Puny god! Love it
I love [NAME]
It's awesome. Sorry, I am a red-blooded male. I see a beautiful woman with a thick 10/10 body and I like it. 😎
I like you
Just be there for him in the best way you can. Look out for him but also keep yourself in mind. It's all you can do
Be more supportive, think about the long road not the moment.
I'm really concerned for those 3200'ish people who voted yes
Drink up before it gets cold
Really I like the new fatalities
I like [NAME] suit less the more I see it in action.
i was uptight today over work issues but when i saw him all my tense emotions dissipated coz all i felt at that moment was this warm fuzzy feeling that feeling i get when im laying with him on my bed in a tender embrace and i plant sweet kisses on his cheeks
i pray that they will continue to be giving confident happy god fearing and feel loved
I know she's literally only just been revealed, but I *love* the name [NAME]
I like putting myself in the girl's shoes so I love romances.
I do that with my boyfriend. We can room together on school field trips and sleep at each other’s houses without suspicion. I love it
i feel so blessed that god has given me the wisdom to train them in how to help and be a part of our household
They're not. They're rolling super hard. And loving it!
[NAME] I love you but there is a top 15 game on
I love it. :D
I want to see the human equivalent to how happy this dog is
Uh eat less than you burn per day. Eat a lot of protein.
I wish there was videos of people like this figuring it out later organically and just feeling dumb lol
I want to hug both of them.
im back to watching running man and i love it i got back the feeling of why i loved running man
This will pass and you will be happy again. Just not right now. Hang in there.
I wish that I could do this and have someone genuinely care, and have it not be a therapist cause I can't afford it.
Exactly, I remember loving those videos but I was also like 12
I am starting to get very concerned with [NAME] and [NAME]
I just want him to be successful though...I dont think he wants to be at this point
I love your collection and want to play with it! p.s. am 40
Never. He cheated multiple times, and each time I had an idea before I had proof. Listen to your gut.
i was feeling very sympathetic and told him i was so sorry and somehow felt responsible for him getting burned which is ridiculous because he is a grown man who has lived in his sun sensitive skin for years and should know by now how to take care of himself
im really praying and concentrating and im just inundated in thoughts that i feel should be devoted much time to
i feel passionate about and that i want to spend my life doing
You are absolutely loving this and it is sickening to watch. Catch your fucking self on you spastic child.
I absolutely did and loved every minute of it. I really do hope it gets more seasons
i feel like im the only one whos caring about whats good for me right now
I see so many different worlds in this! Love it
I'm sorry for your loss
i mean i guess creativity could be even more of a broad categorie that beauty fits into but i ll talk about beauty for now since it s something i feel passionate about
I love artic blitz personally
I’m sorry. Happy Birthday! I care ❤️
This thread is a good indicator that Canada has a ton of racists who also love Reddit.
[NAME] has no jump at all. If he’s injured he should sit and get better.
i guess fiction powers along on good emotions versus bad emotions there wouldnt be much excitement if all the feelings between the characters were sweet and harmonious
Lol I love this flair
i realized now that i lived my whole life loving some ppl who now i hate the most cause they alll have changed they all became veryy tough ppl after i got used to feel their tender touch in my life
This is why bars should have poly nights. It would be nice to be in a room of like minded people, maybe they will talk to me.
I love how he bends down with his head in the 'loaded' guillotine to screw off the end cap.
Love the username
ive waited my whole life to feel this blessed now im comparing the dream to the way it is and everybodys looking there very best remembering times when they were just like this my imagination never felt so clear so no i know this is for real
I like [NAME] as a person I just don’t want to see or hear any sexy times between her and [NAME].
I love seeing the crowd's reaction to that every away game.
Make a super sweet piece of jewellery
i feel like life is very delicate
i began to feel sympathetic for khezef but i wasn t sure if i was right about him
Maybe don't be friends with this person anymore...
Satire satire satire satire Please O lod almight plez be satire
We like what we like.
I love [NAME]
You know how I know Boomers are trash? They love [NAME].
I love how they cannibalize each other.
Love these guys and love this skit
Love the post bro. Gave me a lot of ideas.
I was going to comment the same thing! I love the disheveled newscaster vibe he and [NAME] created for the show.
Totally. I'd be happy if they put the food directly into my hands.
i had that feeling in a very very long while and i couldnt decide whether i liked it or not
I’m making pretty decent money doing Gun Rush. I love it. Discovered I like 1-life modes for this game.
So you're not a incel LMFAO. Go bang more women bro better then that get some friends bro. I'm not Livestreaming with you.
"Keep blowin'! Love always, [NAME]."
im feeling today as about how i liked the books when i read them if i made this list tomorrow it would be different
Trespassing in Texas and you’ll get shot. I would’ve shot them.
Man I love that flair.
Awe poor guy! He still has a sweet face even with the new addition. Glad they were ok.
i feel much gratitude and thanks for finally after months and days i get to know my beloved deedee is fine
im feeling a little romantic
i have to say im feeling very tender about a great many things today being a mom is one
you'd have to help them get past [NAME] extremely tough immigration process
Bless your dog!
OK name it. It will help. As for as merc is concerned, no worries reached tier one already
ive also made it with both sugar measurements but i feel like cup is just too sweet for me
Sending love! Feel free to update me on progress if it helps! illegitimi non carborundum!
i feel that sweet pang and a desire for adventure and excitement
Expect a bunch of bugs as a reward.
i can feel passionate about taking a stand and maybe understand that this one as yet to be chosen issue is worthy of my time and efforts
I love to how we went to the other room to say that. Not that he realizes he's Miked up and not going anywhere
I love this because she doesn't even start out well and end poorly- it was bad the whole way through.
I'm the same. I prefer sad depressed dudes and idk why. I know I like taking care of people though..
Yeah I hope so! I really love her but I understand too that I can only do so much! Thank you.
i’ve heard great things from the people who actually saw it. Thriller is my favorite genre so it seems right up my alley
I was waiting for the delayed explosion and holy cow! That was insane!
i feel a longing to call my mother to tell her how sorry i am that i left home early
i love the eyes wtf they’re staring into my soul
Tournament was a blast met some really cool people loved it all. Thanks for holding it. Would love to do it again someday
I love it. Enjoy your upvote.
About every direction, down gives you the same problem as up and every other direction is less effective to escape.
look at that gym! Id kill to have one with such a nice view
This subs favorite game.
I want it!
Dont worry about the other people. Driving is filled with way too many other anxieties to have worries about dropping a deuce in a truckstop bathroom.
I remember your story. Like you, I'm not as active. And also like you, I try and come back and give folks here hope.
There is obviously love here. Don’t give up. Talk to each other.
i feel that im in your heart and you know im worry and caring about you wherever you go unless im following you beside p i really like it when baby text me in sometime that i never thought u will
Happy's not a vehicle!!! He's my friend!!!
*I bring you Love!*
lol you are 18 and a female. You'll surely find someone
That was my wish in writing this. We all need hope sometimes. Some enchanted evening comes for each of us in its own time I think.
i wish i could be there for all the people who i feel i should be there for and supporting in these times
He raped you. Leave. Now. Cut all contact. Easy answers here. You deserve far far better than this
Honestly, I love hearing about stories like this - like the multitude of Skyrim and Oblivion mod developers who eventually got hired by studios due to their work.
This is heartbreaking. She always meant well, and really wanted to see people get along. She deserved happiness.
Love [NAME], but he is really dumb when it comes to politics and economics.
Yes. And I wish people weren't so afraid to say it as many times as necessary.
I was just quoting the president (through his press secretary) to be honest.
There I did it for you.
Nervous for [NAME]. He’s my all time fave. I wish he would stay retired and stay a legend
i want to feel all year long that lovely warm tingle that october brings
You can get trough it, it sounds like fucking bullshit, but you can
Your ideas are intriguing to me and I wish to subscribe to your newsletter.
im not really into bashing gw the hobby or other people so i try hard to focus on subjects that i feel passionate about and want to spend the time to do it right
Hey, better safe than sorry with spoilers. But my point stands.
I love [NAME] so much, but honestly it's great news that they refused to go back to that system. Hoping for [NAME].
I love [NAME] as much as the next [NAME], but seriously man. Whatchu doing son?
i clumps everybody together in a weird way and i feel liked and respected but unloved by anybody
My wife loves to sleep in over oversized clothes and a lot of times it ends up falling off one of her shoulders. Yes please.
I took in a friend of mine and creating a vanity for her (she loves to do her makeup) is honestly one of my more cherished memories.
Love the beauty of nature.
I would like to see the tree as well! :D:::
No worries. Just giving you a hard time!
I do know a few fellows who didn't get accepted until a full month after. Just chill until then. Good luck!
I wish. But sadly my job relies on other people so I just can't be the sole person
Always wanted to try [NAME], I'll add her to my list.
i feel the longing for the way things used to be makes the ride a bit of an emotional roller coaster
I liked it better when [NAME] was half naked
For the love of [NAME] do not ever link that again
i feel im a fairly generous person but i dont sell or give away the trudgers i make except as gifts to close friends and relatives
Some of the problems I noticed afterwards, I love the car. The experience not so much.
Damn, [NAME] really moved up in the world after her breakup with plankton. Good on her!
I know this is late, but I can’t believe I missed this. Love it.
Reality: someone sees a pet outside and thinks it doesn't have a home, so they adopt it.
Good for you to get out of it!! seems like a nasty example of narc abuse. No contact!
There’s still time mate - be careful!
I wish they would have focused on them in the first movie, and slowly handed the torch off to the next gen by the 3rd.
"Cute dog, what's his name?" "[NAME]" ( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)
Hope he takes a break before managing again... I love the guy but he needs to update/reevaluate some of his tactics and methods
wtf i love basketball again.
Love the almost sharingan look he gets in his eyes right before the attempt. O-O I CAN SEE!
This too shall pass In 10 years this could turn out to be the best thing that has ever happened to you.
*♪… I'm here without you baby But you're still on my lonely mind. I think about you baby and I dream about you all the time. ♪*
No, no. I love the ones where patients succeed. It’s not that. It just seemed like everyone phoned it in this time.
i make an effort to ask jason s friends questions and include them in the conversation and it makes me feel like a considerate person a feeling i don t get often
Thanks, as a Vietnamese [NAME], I love cheap Viet lunches!
You could wish for it to cure stupidity atleast. Obviously it doesnt.
I love this meme
I like [NAME] :(
i feel like were getting married again it was so romantic and fun
i got up feeling horny this morning
first time all season im kind of not thrilled with [NAME] post game talk. I wish he would have addressed the PP.
Feel your pain.
i think one asset that makes you guys stand out from other bands is that your musicianship especially on the latest record hits the next level and i feel this is why you are accepted in so many genres especially the hardcore scene
Oh man, I love [NAME]. She's so consistently good.
i feel so supportive of her because shes pretty good she sang for us at a meeting we had
I need more videos of this cat, love its face xD
i use the noticer to discover the source of my feelings it allows me to understand and realize that there is no solution for these past feelings i am grappling with only compassionate awareness
Strong focus on what the subreddit wants
I wish there was hope, but we are all bracing for hard brexit. My country is a laughing stock right now.
i feel so sympathetic empathetic towards them
i was a kid in bellingham worried about acne getting my first kiss and maybe copping a feel somewhere on a sweet girl i wished would notice me
Cool post. I just wish the game had more enemies besides just the spartan and athens army (like harpies, giant snakes, something like that).
The best role you can take to climb is shot caller. Give your team the information they're not aware of and they'll be more useful.
Man I love how venezuela is a dictatorship when it has 4.5 times less prisoners per capita than the US
I would like a hug
i feel love by sweet little arms wrapped around my legs wet kisses on my face and soft round cheeks on my lips
Spa's Absolutely love a spa. A proper one with a variety of sauna/steam rooms etc. It helps that they're usually full of women too.
I wish my nickname was [NAME]
Do you have a source for this claim. Seems promising but would love to dig into it.
Love this guy. I think he will end up being super good this year.
Like idgaf if it’s fortnite themed I need those in my life again
i usually wash my hair every other day and after a few uses my hair is now feeling lovely soft and conditioned again
May your recovery be swift and your memory of her abuse soon be distant. Safe and happy travels.
Loving it too, has made me forget about BO4 & Destiny 2...so addicting!
He’s not that into you. Move on.
* [NAME] fought for freedom and glory, is one of my favorite characters in general.
Seize all his property and assets. Redistribute to homeless and single mothers/fathers. He loves food banks, let him use them.
The Fire are also trash and play their games 45 minutes outside of Chicago. Love you Fire fans, sorry about your ownership and FO.
The Nexus 6 is my favourite phone even though its a few years old but no one knows Moto or Nexus phones so.....
Love it.
I really wanted this to be a real sub.
I hope the Rams take it all cause of that. Would love to see [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] win the super bowl again!
Damn is it really?! Ah, that makes me love his performance even more
Born and raised in New Britain. Love these sodas.
I wouldn’t be mad. We need someone who knows what the hell theyre doing
i guess i m feeling a bit nostalgic
hmmmmm I still love [NAME] and a lot of OR candidates but thank you
i kind of like the feeling that i am longing aching for spring
i love to add just a little milk and when i m feeling especially naughty a splash of caramel and vanilla syrup but shhh
Good for you!
i feeling a little tender and uncomfortable but the needle marks on my bum are worse
oh i wish i didn't read that, [NAME]
I like how adamant you are that you didnt woosh yourself
Did you buy a new saddle as well. Also need to go to settings and set as default or make it active.
i also loved the feeling of that gentle rippling through the body when i floated in water it was a bonus having friends with pools growing up in australia
i wonder how shed feel about supporting me
Omg I love it
Dangerously close to paganophile, so be careful of your spelling for fear of extreme confusion...
I'm tired i'm wasted I LOVE YOU DARLING.
I haven't seen it here yet, but I love LetterKenny. It gets funnier as the show goes on and it's on Hulu
My goal for the year is to delve deeper into GTO related play and how to better understand how to use that to play better myself and against others
Ik some of my fav episodes of recent
Take them out of his care and into the care of someone who can watch them until you are able to protect them yourself.
i feel sympathetic enough to call him off
Thank you for reminding me about how much I love the JJBA abridged series.
Let's watch impractical jokers!
I’m sorry you are feeling so down friend, that is really difficult. I hope find a way to feel better.. maybe go to emergency care...
i feel very blessed and loved by the people around me
Or, [NAME] is upset we aren't in the playoffs.... You know. He only really cares about winning ..
Lovely. This is a good deed and he should be lauded for it despite whatever else is going on around him.
That level 20 purifier upgrade can get so juicy.... i love artanis
And yet none of ya'll are willing to even let 3rd party candidates in the building. Got to love the hypocrisy
bless. wish you more beautiful days ahead!
I love this. Hopefully it is more successful than [NAME] (RIP).
Oh sorry. To clarify, I was wondering if I should mention that I am more than willing to help her if need be.
I love this reply.
It's about fucking time, hope this is real.
This is why I love this subreddit.
i feel very slutty
Our love is like, a violent game between children baby.
i feel your loving presence everywhere
i finally feel i have accepted nashville as home
Wow I’ve never seen that one and I love it! Could you share the picture?
Vegetarian, liked animals too. Lets just ignore that stuff about the [NAME], I sure he does not really mean it.
Thank you. And I love your flair. My toddler is the same haha
I'm with you!!!!!!
i first got my eye infection i have to back up and if possible make you feel less sympathetic for me than you probably already do
Heres some well wishes to you staying up
I get you...
Could do even better by kicking out anything north of Cambridge or west of Oxford.
i feel like you are more into self promotion than truly caring about the greater good
I love his calls even when things get "pear-shaped"
😭 I wanted her to be on the top 4; now we’ve heard plenty of times [NAME] mentioned so pretty sure ain’t gonna happen
I love how the sun just decides its going to pull Australia from Earth and cuddle with us... If only it didn't burn so much.
Thank you. Hugs to you too
Make a change make it small and manageable. Go for a walk. Smile at people.
i have an insane appreciation for simplicity and i feel so much compassionate again but still feel like i have that sarcastic sense of humor
im feeling hideously guily and somewhat naughty doing this in work time
i to feel sympathetic about the children of the world and the bad messages that we send to them when we live in a lawless culture full of innuendo to the contrary
That sounds terrible, man. Have you been to a doctor yet?
i liked just talking to someone and that butterfly like feeling you get when someone is sweet to you and it just felt nice to be noticed again
There is always the risk of a team throwing him a stupid offer sheet. I still wish we would've thrown a max at [NAME].
Stay strong.
I kind of want to try that now actually. With some chocolate added I think it could work.
Sold bridges and essential oils?? Please elaborate on this reference man. I ask because it’s hilarious and I’d love for it to be original
[NAME] show tonight and i'm loving it
i suppose my own truth needs to be shared i havent been feeling very faithful lately ive dwelled more in doubt and uncertainty than i have in faith
Love this, and the comments are great, thanks for sharing.
Hi [NAME], I love you, that is all. Can't wait to see you in Worcester in February!
Hi, [NAME]! I am stopping by to wish you the best day, and the best year! -HappyFriendlyBot
im not even talking about the clammy feeling of those lovely hot flashes not at all
i did not feel in my soul that god has always been faithful to me
Well, glad I could help. Have a fantastic day and don’t let the straights scare you away!
Love both flags man! I was on my college campus today in my old Thrashers hat while wearing my Jets sweatshirt. Go Jets! Have fun!
i never feel accepted but you have to go through steps first you are a publisher keeping track of time spent in the ministry trying to get more members
Didn’t realize they lost it. Loved their Cooperstown collection figures.
i am feeling a little bit nostalgic
I did. In a selfless sacrifice that I hope brings ample awards.
My son is ten months. I hope we have this relationship when he turns 14. Congrats on your lovely teen ♥️
I love this reply
Aw bummer. She lost her screenshot of the copy of a copy of bullshit articles handwritten in 1992. Somebody help a girl out.
No-no-no-noooo Besides, [NAME] is not a bachelor. He is so in love with himself already
i just love how when she gets that one on one time with me she feels to loved
I absolutely love DCfC!
This is awesome! I really wish I could make it!
If you think it's a real emergency don't waste too much time and try to call the police
im not really feeling it so far though i think i liked the film better
I really love that this sub has it's own little culture
Yes! I love her laugh so much
I love [NAME] and [NAME] we are so lucky
Wishing the best for your pupper.
Many great years in these jerseys, would love to see them come back as our 3rds with the 1970s originals for the 50th Anniversary season
Try to keep yourself busy with other things to forget the thoughts.
Yea sounds like a great way to teach your children that stalking and harrassing = love. Husband only hits you bc he loves you!
Today I wish I were a black bear.
Naw dude, other sports never have ankle injuries so they are fine.
That is some serious dedication... He must love his job
i used to feel sadness about this having fond memories of formation and friendships in tec parishes
[NAME] bless [NAME]
I feel so bad anytime I see anyone fall on their face... I just want to make sure they are ok.
Ayee aha, and Yeah don’t be afraid to go higher if everything was good!!! Lmk how it goes when you do!
i like turtles
Yeah it is, I hate it so much, I wish I woke up earlier.
This is so cute and wholesome? How is this terrible
[NAME] really loves [NAME].
I love this!! And it’s so true
I’m *BEGGING* that they get it right by the time [NAME] shows up.
I wish that was a thing 😅
I wear sweet scents and get compliments from men on how good I smell quite a bit Good thing I love sweet vanilla,Amber,berry scents
i want to know feelings i never felt before but will i ever experience your gentle touch again
You should make your own listing to showcase exactly this. Should be easy if it's as rampant as you say it is.
i blinded feelings i meant liked stupid i
I LOVE this.
i thought having a well respected and recognized mother of autistic boys would be the perfect guest blogger with a message i feel passionate about
I would love it. I'm financially responsible and it would send me a signal that you are as well.
Oh believe me, we’d love that too
I loved the first one, but haven't gotten around to the second one yet.
I noticed that too. How cute.
Careful, he's a hero
I'm concerned they actually have to press a button. Why no dead man's handle?
i decided to see if i could locate margaret or jeff as i feel a longing to know how they are
I love [NAME] but he seems to enjoy deleting his videos after a while :(
i vow to be gasp nicer to everyone not just a select few marybeth and isabella lol i will say what i feel and not cover up something sweet with something shitty
i can feel from here beloved your fragrance
Her playing with fire, and getting burned. Stay strong.
Pretentious erection is going to be the name of the lawyer funk band that I’m going to bring into existence someday.
For the love of all that is good get rid of these people already.
i can still recall the feeling of peacefulness her tender smile and warm hands
Love me some Black and Tans, also love Snake Bites as well.
i do not believe there is any child that deep in the depths of their soul does not feel a longing for their mother
I love the '1000 paw slap' at the end.
Always been a Yankees and Chargers fan. Ask me how it feels to lose to Boston in two division playoff rounds within a few months.
im not entirely jaded and bitter i know there are people out there like myself who care about others feelings and are kind and considerate
Gahs that’s so sweet
i mean i feel that a bgr should be treasured and not dumped like some people i know going steady having to find themselves dumped or they dump
i cant even remember what it feels like to be loved
Ahah! I bring tidings of good news for you friend, [NAME] has heard our cries and is WELL AWARE of our desires for Co op
Of course, life get’s better. Just keep on keeping on and I hope you do change your mind.
I wish I would get dm’ed by famous people :(
Well I just love it when my Squad Leader puts the order on the Opponent's starting flag for the whole round while we lose everything else.
I love how this boxy things is made to scare (common every show use that joke) but the queens is not scare at all.
love seeing his kids too more [NAME] and [NAME] pls!!!
Nah it's cool. We love you. Please don't do terrible things.
i gasped. This sucks. He was very very sick and I hope he's at peace.
I agree, I love acdc, I just don't love the comments on their songs cause so many of them are dumb lmao
i use this as a ugh its been a long week lets make myself feel pretty mask and ive honestly been loving the effects
That lil cat, I want it!
Don't forget about foden, I love [NAME], I even bought his shirt at the start of this season, but foden has an even greater ceiling
Love the guy complaining the panel is stacked against the rich what with all the high tax rhetoric. *The WORLD is stacked against the rest of us.*
I get to walk home for 30 minutes for the next 3 days. Pray for me everyone.
Wish the teacher has spelled inventors correctly before testing the students.
i feel like im supportive of my friends and their endeavors and i dont do that for the sole purpose of having it returned but i often find myself thinking why am i having to beg for support right now
Thanks man I’ll try, you stay strong too!
I'd love to hear a man explain why men do this
You seem slightly sensitive... I was actually thinking we had been infiltrated by the normies
i confused my feelings with the truth because i liked the view when there was me and you i cant believe that i could be so blind its like you were floating when i was falling and i didnt mind because i like the view i thought you felt it too when there was me and you lyrics from a href http www
I love those moments
i feel that this leads to not many people caring who get s the real job as sin cara
i fully believe and feel passionate about living bravely and outside my comfort zone i often revert to my comfortable ways
Many of them do love LEGAL ones.
i feel rather sympathetic
I like mother lode in weho. A bit loud but actively un-douchy.
Same. It's my favorite show to watch in the morning. The whole crew is so likeable.
I love military films, this was good. My theater was clapping when each terrorist got killed lol
I take it they want to have sex with 🐇s.
No, princess, your body works the same way as everyone else's... You are not a mystery of physics.
Always look before you jump.
Omg [NAME]! One of my favorite bb players
i still love to run and plan to keep it up but i don t want to once again register for so many races that i feel like every exercise moment needs to be devoted to running
i want to seduce you into buying it without you feeling liked youve been conned or connived into it
Loved this moment. Also loved [NAME] face and [NAME] and [NAME] wedding when they kissed; so touched!
I hope someone got fired for that blunder.
She just needs to kiss [NAME]
I would love a lineup of [NAME], [NAME] he can play [NAME]), and [NAME].
i love the feeling of being treasured to feel like youre needed who doesnt right
i got a good feeling from the school and i have a lovely class
I like the pig because shes stealthy
I love Chinese buffets. All the ones in my town are gone, all buffets are gone, sucks
That sounds like a lovely time :D
Please cut her off from your life. You don’t need to deal with this behaviour. Be safe and please take care.
So you don't reject your ideology's premise that you can just protect yourself.
A sea of red flags. Make this guy your ex, you deserve better.
I love how this is worded.
I'm so sorry. You can do this. Just remember YOU are a person who is worthy of love and respect.
He looked like he fell in love
i feel fond toward though they may not realize it
They are a couple in love so what's your beef.
“…Don’t try it, [NAME]. I have the (moral) high ground!”
not quite as cheap but if you already own a decent bike this kit is wel priced to convert
I love it in spades
Really wish people would slow down with this one. I wanna repost it for EZ karma, but it's almost always in my homepage
I wish people like this would die in massive flaming wrecks
Yes I wish more people did this!
I love [NAME], but I'd trade him for equal time at equal cost from Trout before I took half a breath.
[NAME] we support you! Love from Mexico I hope everything works out for you, whatever you decide to do!
She’s my girl crush
i feel like i was there to feed them food touch love caring and compassion
i came home and enjoyed minutes in the garden feeling the lovely warm sunshine on my face
Gotta love an environmentally friendly coaching staff.
im feeling my loving heart is all yours for the stealing reach out your worn hands for you im ready a href http
You could see this as your friend caring for you, meaning well.
I love you [NAME]!
i feel tender just now and i am fine with that
No apologies needed, beer loving friend!
Guns go off accidentally all the time. Don’t point them at someone unless you plan to kill them.
Stay strong.
I love these blobs, would have done the same thing
Your mental health matters the most. You can't help him more than you do, but you can help yourself.
woman here, love it when my man gets mad. manly imo
I need this in my veins now.
i believe is based on greed has nothing to do with how i feel about my beloved country
That's called lust, and is completely normal. Just dont get obsessive and do things to keep you busy and dont be afraid of them feelings
Sometimes though, I wish I could be sad for a whole week; that would be a blessing.
We don’t improve without discovering our problems. Good on you man- wish you and your boyfriend many happinesses 🙂
Adulterers are not known to be kind and rationale during a divorce. OP should protect herself.
That's funny because I used to hate him but researching more just made me like him more
I'd love it if we could just put everyone into work camps as soon as they turn 12. Property come would be a thing of the past!
i wont complain too much though as it did cool the place down and im feeling nowhere near as hot as i have been lately
I actually kinda like this bug because I like to get trippy
Gotta love our *progressive* neighbors
I DESERVE TO BE HEAD OF NATIONAL SECURITY BECAUSE I'M ADOPTED
Wow, you are quite the romantic...
I like him a lot but I assume he would be a prime piece in any trade for a LD.
Just be a criminal if that's what they want. People should always be careful what they wish for.
Eat healthy, get as much sleep as you can, and wear a mask when the little one comes along.
im feeling very blessed amp grateful that i live in the united states of america with the freedoms we enjoy amp the opportunity to vote tomorrow for our next president
My [NAME] and Papa were married 44 years before my Papa died last February. I hope to have a long marriage like them..
i feel has such a lovely touch
He's just getting kicks from pushing buttons. Keep fighting and never give up. It will get better eventually.
Ambien your posts are delightful and I have such a hard core internet stranger crush on you.
I dunno, I love me some barrel-aged spirits and ales.
i don t have to look to see the stares i feel them and i also know of them by the sympathetic glances my american friends give me
We love you here.
