Edited : Sorry meant to reply to a post
Man, I kinda feel bad for dude, hopefully everything went smoothly past that
True, and so sad to see. Somewhere along the way, the governing of a country my mutual consensus turned into a national sport with 2 teams.
Indication of questionable parenting perhaps. Encouraging this reaction seems a bit tacky. Not respectable, if we're truthful here.
Uhhh... unfortunately I can't read the article due to some regulations...but pretty sure that post is just the article
i know that in the feeling lonely isolated teary states i have many that stand with me
i was in the throes of being brought to the edge i once again felt that same feeling of submissive ownership emotions building
Ooooof, that’s annoying. I’m sorry.
i feel so foolish for resisting what was obviously meant to be
Please. I can’t even with these comments.
i just feel pathetic for this world
Ha! You're right! I don't know why I assume you were male. Sorry. :)
i was feeling and could answer all my stupid questions
Sorry to say it, but you will have to do that for now It sucks
i'm so poor i don't even know any horse girls
Sorry, I would like your comment, but it's at 666. And I just can't bring myself to change that.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news but she is more than likely dead and will never get to say goodbye
“Regain the fan base”. How immature do you have to be to believe that everyone agrees with you.
as [NAME] wishes he didnt want to be buried so they had is ashes thrown in a lake in india as [NAME] wanted please respect his wishes
Can relate. The spirit kept telling me to move to the Morridor. Total decade+ long disaster in almost every way. Shoulda stayed where I was.
i feel less groggy my trousers were a little looser and truthfully i would rather reach out for a fruit salad then a fully packed sandwich which is going to leave me feeling uncomfortable for the rest of the day
Seeing happy people isn't motivating because it shows how easy it is and how I'm failing at something literally everyone else on the planet can do
Sadly, that theory is plausible in the lds inc realm of thinking.
Very true. Apologies if it came off that way.
Guilty of doing this tbph
How about breaking into tears whenever one of your friends tells you they trust you because you never understood what trust meant
i still feel incredibly listless being in albuquerque but at least the weather is improving more or less
This is kinda sad
This sub is filled with bitterness.
A video was just released showing this altercation. Within Syria is rarely wrong.
I agree. But shooting him left me feeling bad too.
Yeah I cannot either on mobile, same with enough internet. Thoroughly disappointing.
i feel troubled lord and i honestly don t know why
i don t feel like i m unsuccessful when i fail at reaching a goal in my freelance writing career
i am the type of person that absolutely hates to let anyone down and i feel like any time i have to tell him were broke im letting him down
i lived off lemon bars for a few weeks and then this weekend ate and ate and ate and it was all horrible food and now i feel and look and am horrible
i am not feeling shitty about life anymore
Please, please, please don't do that to yourself. You'll end feeling worse when this guy leaves you.
Oops! The lack of free trade caused the death of 20 Million proletariat!
It sucks being unattractive. It pisses me off that there are so many beautiful people in the world, and I ain't one of them.
I kill them all and THEN overwrite my only save. I'm bonkers.
i feel all betrayed and disillusioned
this makes me miss my girflriend
Uhhhh, existed... Ever been to Arkansas? It’s boring as fuck.
I'm so sorry. Read about you getting kicked out at home. That must be devastating
i feel that the spirit of the competition in many cases has become lost in the revenue generation machine
I meant from when I was a kid and teen. Sorry.
They apologized for that episode.
that was clearly only one pump, bad call
i just wasnt feeling it so i willfully broke my routine
Me too lmaoooooooooooooooooooo haha damn that’s depressing
Ooof, I’m so sorry, that is rough.
The sad thing is that most of them are gone the next election anyway.
Sorry. I read that as newly white and it cracked me up.
They are angry virgin children because he plays the game like it was supposed to be played. SOT has the most pathetic community ever.
Since I was a kid I knew I preferred funny, smart, interesting girls to conventionally attractive ones. Really tore me up the feeling wasn't mutual.
Sorry, an errant surge of frustration
No he was given a bad team to work with unfortunately, and never got the final shot he deserved :(
i will try to explain how i feel in order that you don t think i am ungrateful for having been blessed with a child
i quickly trotted off he added i feel embarrassed to ask hoping i would enter into some kind of conversation with him
Preach my dude I know how it feels to get downvoted by the sheep
"oh that wasn't me, my baby brother must have grabbed my phone"
Exactly right! It would help if my fingers could type properly lol. Burr smh!
i had picked oxbow in the kentucky derby two weeks ago but he turned up as the longest bet for the preakness today and i just had a feeling that the lucas stevens combination wouldnt be beaten
I’m pregnant and my dog is with my parents across the country while we renovate. The feels were too much 😭
I live in those unfortunately
I watched the whole thing. I miss that style of cartoon. Simultaneously silly and understated.
Oh no atleast you found out early. I went to find help a year ago but you know i stopped going to that therapist
So weird watching this segment knowing what happened a couple days ago.
You have been banned from the mickey mouse clubhouse for inappropriate behavior
well the irony is that felons are discriminated against, even non violent offenders.
Are you being stalked by anti-vaxxers? I’m so sorry that sucks so much
As a [NAME], I would like to extend an apology to anyone freezing in the polar vortex.
What's he whining about, I am only 52 and stuck on SSI now and only getting 1400.00
lmao, have not heard that insult before, that's a good one. Only good thing you have come up with yet and I bet you stole it kek.
i could feel my sciatica aching as my feet was swinging from the gas to the brakes pedals
i ought not come for i stipulation them to feel sorrowful for their skeered rupees which they re assert to the field but i will console for i allusion massou to live
Huh, and all these years I’d been *assured* “nobody” was coming to take my guns. Its like they been lying the entire time.
Sad but exciting to see him in a place where he might perform well. Hopefully he stays injury free.
yeah i misread billions as millions. my bad
Oops, accidentally fed the troll. Ah well, we all gotta eat. Guess I'm feeling charitable. 😉
i hate feeling so needy in need of approval in need of money in need of a direction in need of both physical and mental strength even in need of a particular someone in need of knowing what i lack and need
Suffering from success...
Learning to read was the worst mistake of my life
You are right and why you get downvoted?
I’m sorry that happened to you but it’s I can imagine I know if it was me I would forever feel Guilt.
sorry [NAME]! 😘😘😘
The comment thread is a hot mess and wouldnt be out of place in 2016. How do things not change....
i have been plagued throughout my life with this uncanny feeling of disappointment that it isn t enough that i am doomed to fail and others will delight in it with an i told you so
RIP manning lol
i can t say it s made me feel any less depressed anxious but mingled in with the depression is a certainty that i can get to the other side if i keep putting one foot in front of the other
Your comment is kinda wasted. He can't read.
That's just sad and depressing. Was the race closing before she finished? Well, at least she did it.
Oh, exploitable
I won't stop crying 😭
Not cameo, reference sorry
i passed out last night at the late hour of and am still feeling a bit groggy this morning
Look, [NAME]! I'm a cat. "Ffs, [NAME]. Get off the ground. You're embarrassing me."
Good idea, but unfortunately not running on the weekend.
i feel so damaged in that i cannot speak
Spurs gonna get two in a row over us. Embarrassing
So sorry that happened to you. Let’s hope that person has some food they didn’t order tonight.
This is embarrassing, but while purging I wear a pad or don’t wear pants at all. Eating disorders are so beautiful /s
Right there with you. 20 years together and suddenly its over. I'm tired of crying and hurting. We'll get through this.
Ya missed a clue there, Guess it never hit ya!
All the signs, except his username, seemed legit. I also clicked. Now I just want to forget all about what I've just seen...
i feel helpless here with no car no cash no say
Liverpool FC and Jacksonville Jaguars (Sorry, my kids were born here)
Seek out a therapist? It sounds quite depressing n I wouldn't want it overwheming me.
That would be really rough. However she is so incompetent I wouldn’t be surprised if she self immolates
I think they'd do ok (Sorry but as an INTJ a lack of my thoughts here is also bothering me, too)
First season got a lot of attention. I didn’t like the second season as much
i heap the guilt on and feel worthless and embarrassed because of my lack of productivity
i feel like i barely broke into the kit
You're back but you're still broken.
He literally laid in pain on the ground after the fight longer than the loser did
I remember that. It was a crushing experience that started a whole other level of depression. But hey, maybe things will work out for you.
Sorry I took so long, it’s the pangolin! It’s a crazy mammal with armor scales!
I would never wish for someone to get injured, but an injury needs to happen at the Pro Bowl so they cancel it forever.
Her performance was absolutely awful in the Elseworlds crossover. So much so that every time she was on screen it made me cringe.
That sounds really agonising, to ask for help and have no one hear you. What's going on for you right now?
i duno i feel as if im doomed for ther rest of mi life
Man a 29 year old broner can't beat a 40 year old pressure fighter, broner sucks
It better not as I only bought the bloody thing last week! Sorry, guess i'm still in shock from the kettle dying.
I wouldn't even call this a CB, she wasn't offered anything and turned it down. Still sad, though.
This hurts me more than the fan meme.
i feel like starting with my name is susanna but i dont want to be that boring
Agree. Keep trying, then if your rejected every time. I'm sorry your done.
Topic change #4. This is getting sad.
I’m stuck at work tonight so I missed it 😢😢
Powerful stuff. I'm sorry I gave you this much time and credit.
poor little dude! Glad he's okay. He and his brother have a story to tell now.
Sad/Sweet for her to put in the effort to fake it!
I saw this entire movie on YouTube and loved it! But it doesn’t seem to be on YouTube anymore :/
I‘m sorry this guy is harassing you, check his history, he‘s trolling.
i have always had people in my life who have gone out of their way to put me down trip me up or make me feel as if i were completely moronic or not worthy enough
i could have just paid and rushed off i dont think they could really have stopped me but i was also feeling my submissive sissy emotions bubbling to the surface
i hate myself for feeling so listless about my classwork
All these soldiers taking a load of their feet... I feel ashamed for my homeland !!
I used to have no problems finding them, but I’m struggling really hard now
I would suffer a heat stroke or die of diarrhea
Not all of us young teens eat tide pods Mom would be sad
i got home feeling miserable at my lack of shopping skillzz i remembered the bag of un opened un used make up sitting in my bedroom that i forgot all about
This is heartbreaking. She always meant well, and really wanted to see people get along. She deserved happiness.
i wasnt so terribly sore i would feel a bit regretful but theres papers to write and ebony dances to practice for
I’m guessing you don’t take bad news lightly. I’m sorry bud :/
The problem is not getting new players but keeping the current ones.
This is very accurately funny and sad. 🤦🏻‍♂️
I've seen Shot Caller. That's what I've decided prison is... so yeah. Sorry boys.
I was just a little disappointed that there is no audible/visible reaction by the character when visiting the graves (also trying to avoid spoilers).
Sorry to hear it man. Grief is the appropriate thing to feel. I hope she is happy in the afterlife. Peace be with you both.
That's a huge shame and says more about Sacks than it does anything else.
i feel extremely awkward when they interview people for my job
Fear of awkward and inconvenient encounters. What can he do to you?
Been scoring big on the Groudons.. caught 4 so far. Edit: no, no shinys yet. I've had the worst luck with shinys in this game
aw too bad im 6.5k, you arent extremely good.
Oh man, you got me there with the image
i was feeling a bit discouraged and her words really hit home
My favorite [NAME] post-match celebration hands down.
Sorry for your loss. Thoughts and prayers.
i feel helpless like i want to hurl over and just cave in to the sadness trying to devour me
I can feel that already, I'm already getting pain at time with it, but I can only imagine the pain after for healing.
Ironic. He could save others from death, but not himself.
i feel so hopeless and usually just want o scream
"Yeeaah, I know you're homeless and all but apartments are actually really boring. My most beautiful memories were all made outside in nature."
[NAME] - OT3 in my team without me... [NAME] - Sometimes bad things just happen...
i am not working i can cope with but days like today when i am i just feel awful
Oh damn, that would have been the only correct response! "Sorry, but I have a boyfriend." End of conversation.
I'm so sad for you, I'm so so sorry. 💔
My poor baby
#QUIT HURTING THE BIRDS
My hope is gone, too. Sounds like we've both tried over, and over, and over again. When do the realisations hit you?
I couldn't let [NAME] become carver.. I regret it. [NAME] didn't deserve this, although he was fucking stupid to let his guard down
Some judges are just literally scum. Have those in Germany aswell. Unfortunately.
im feeling pretty discouraged this morning
That...felt good...can I cry on your shoulder?
It's probably more like when the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. I'm so sick of this paranoia.
More rudeness, misogyny and sexism from [NAME]. If it wasn't so predictable it would be upsetting. [NAME].
The bot did its job. It’s me the awful one
Yeah, I was very sad to read that!
Damn, we barley made it out of the Rockets game with a win according to that graph.
Shoot i posted this in the wrong place. Here you are several sources. Happened last summer.
i was afraid of feeling helpless
Does he even own a pair of airpods? Broke boi.
put on some real filthy porn before running errands, that'll leave the parents with having to answer really awkward questions
I have endured worse.
i cant help but feel that bioware have missed an opportunity here
It’s been 2 hours, OP died for a noble cause.
as much as I could tolerate - sadly I gave you a view.
Rebalancing all heroes for this purpose seems like a disaster. Would have been good to think about pre-development.
Obviously he has not adhered to his promises, however what I noticed is this is basically the same message that [NAME] had.
im feeling a bit dull today but a href http thepage
I'm so sad.
Don't let your high expectations of government disappoint you.
[NAME] was such a disaster at OC, I really don't feel comfortable even implying he's in Schotty's league.
i am feeling pretty worthless right now
Still saddened by the fact that we never got to see prime [NAME] vs prime [NAME].
i feel very numb at the moment
i really do feel unfortunate for the person who has to carrry me
Unlucky, pricks.
Probably. Sorry, OP. But don't worry. A lot of us are in the same boat.
Plymouth: Confederate flags Diesel pick up trucks Dead factories Heart disease and disappointment
Ehhh I don’t know, I still find it kind of cringey with the “[NAME]” talk and all that stuff.
i realise im sounding surprisingly like every other person on this site i wish i liked mud wrestling or something a bit more outrageous i feel rather dull and dare i say average
Oh I know. I will never forget either of those scenes, poor kid.
i feel like she s judging me and he s not here and i don t want to seem like the needy girl so i don t know
We had a baby, it's hard to find the time to take them down.
Sorry, I posted this first but then you said something that I wanted to acknowledge I agreed with.
sorry im deaf i can’t hear you
i think it to want you to settle immediately each other not to feel unpleasant
My entire body aches now
It looks like someone screwed up.
It’s not easy hiding that Baby Huey diaper.
I’m sorry for your loss bro ❤️
Soooo difficult to do.
Sad... RIP
I have multiple throwaways for the embarrassing or depressing things I need to get off my chest.
Not only does the overbooking hurt the customers financials and time, but violations like this one put lives in danger.
I feel so bad anytime I see anyone fall on their face... I just want to make sure they are ok.
i feel dirty even admitting that ive seen it much less own it on dvd
the tears of unfathomable sadness ... mmm yummy!
Hooray! ...But I'll still never be able to afford a home.
i didn t expect reps to make me ache really especially as i often lift heavier for more reps but i have to say i can feel my muscles aching already
It's back up now. Sorry for the mess with moderation, wasn't our fault.
I'm sorry for you, but that pic is in the wrong subreddit.
There were lots of awkward silences. The farewell didn't seem natural.
Oooo she has a crush on you that’s embarrassing!
You know, I'm rather disappointed, but admire your cunning at the same time
Yeah, sorry about that. I see it in so many post I thought it was almost a custom to do so.
This hurts to hear because we know it's true. There are 16 year olds who have experienced more than me.
In sorry but that seems like quite a shallow grave...
I saw 25yr old with 3 kids and a house. How do u think I feel. I'm over 30 and still single.
Agreed - from a team who made bowls at 6-6 twice in the past 5 years. We didn't deserve either of those.
Yeah, that's why I'm not feeling like there's much I can do except vent.
he’s not happy with me
Totally fair. I would be sad in your situation. :( I hope you find it. You're not wrong to want those things!
How many gallons do we need is my favorite so far. The sad part is that it was always pleasant.
The same comedy bit [NAME] has disavowed because it's used almost exclusively in circumstances like this? It's an awful and weak explantation.
Slathered in blue cheese. [NAME] is so jealous.
This comment completly proves the opinion of the OP right lmao. I’m so sorry America doesn’t meet your standards oh mighty reddit commentor
I am 33 and I still regret things I said in the 5th grade.
That isn't really true if you've watch all Arsenal games this season.
This is sad but not cringe, I hope he finds someone to play with soon 😪
im afraid that if i do that and he doesnt have feelings for me our working relationship will be irreparably damaged and i may lose my job
Oh sorry, I'll do that.
im so afraid that im bipolar because that feels too much like being like that kids i hated in th grade the kids who nearly drove me to suicide for the first time in my life
Ah well I still feel a bit bad for the parrot but at least he won‘t be harmed :)
That's why imo [NAME] death is better.
He’s had big games for us before, it’s just his lack of consistency and effort
Sorry, is Russia depicted in the cartoon?
my mistake :(
The cult of reason was very unreasonable. :D
Well poops. My friend and I want to wander and look for such things but we can't. Boo!
i feel disappointed by myself
Didn't notice the date, sorry.
i feel very disheartened today
Sorry. This thing knows whats up!
Yeah, this is always my first thought when I read this kind of stuff, kinda sad to be honest
Ooohh... [NAME] wouldn't like that!!
i do not want her to feel ugly
I'm disappointed [NAME] never plays guitar again.
i feel like i have suddenly lost a limb in a tragic accident
Did you even venture to scroll through the nearly 2h long video linked in this thread? Not hard to find....seems like you are just avoiding it.
i have to admit i have been feeling very disheartened and disillusioned with the whole publishing community for months
i took the step to start this blog i feel as though i m burdened to be particularly tough
She probably just said it because it rhymes, sorry Op
What a cataclysm
P3 hit me so hard in the feels that every time I hear a song from it or watch anything P3 related, I just burst into tears.
i dunnno i just feel sorta discontent but im tired and stuff i just wanna go to bed
I watched my team get deep dicked in the natty. I understand
im all too familiar with as it leaves me feeling lost and off any form of solid ground
What game do you think that is ? Because that'd be Tetris or Minecraft my dude, not your teenage greasy neckbeard crap. Sorry.
Sad but true lol
Not really. Also it’s Winnipeg, sorry we don’t have the population of Tokyo...
And they could have kids... yeah sorry. I’m dumb
i am not giving up but i am feeling discouraged
Or at the very least, why can't healers have HAMMERS!? (... I miss Legion :(]
Sorry for bringing up so many problems without any solutions, and sorry for just being whiny overall. Thanks for the time you've spent talking with me
Sorry, should have searched for the artist's name. Karma Decay is a lot less reliable than I thought it was.
i have had the luxury of expressing myself and my feelings without the fear of getting beaten up or scolded
It's shameful how this sub sold out to Big Broccoli (TM).
i always feel awkward when im alone in a crowd of peers and feel the need to make friends
I put so much thought into things that often I trigger myself unintentionally. I can be hurt before something has a chance to happen.
i do however feel a lot more isolated and distant to many of those i call friends
Reality is often disappointing
What's good kid? Sorry for the racism.
I just want to be alone in a cabin up north near flagstaff.
I understand that the fear that you will need to have surgery is very upsetting. But, there is no legal case here.
I’ve read your comment over and over and I’m sorry I can’t parse what you’re saying.
the world is becoming very boring...
I don't know what's more embarrassing, the fact I watch the show or own a Roku TV.
sad that the Euphoric tipbot is no more
Oh sorry if I seemed dishonest. I hope you can make it through your mourning.
i walked away from them feeling discouraged about how technology seems to have replaced relationships in so many ways lately and what did i do
i honestly feel rejected
It just seems extremely insensitive to say that. That’s the real problem. It invalidates the other person’s suffering.
I recomend a Jasikevicius from Litva :) Sorry for English.
Nice! I missed the Babybel.
Holy shit! Did not see that coming! Gonna miss you [NAME] :(
Oh, apologies. Silly me didn’t think to check the sub first.
How can you look at that. it hurts.
I'm sorry that happened to you. You planned a awesome day that I wouldve loved celebrating with you. Happy Birthday
You know he meant Golden Gardens. You are not discussing this in good faith.
i feel in my heart and how much im hurt
Being misunderstood really is the worst thing ever! I’m sorry some people are so unkind.
i feed him and how strongly i feel about not feeding him crappy processed dog food because i want him to live forever
That guy with the orange jacket looks so distraught. Feels bad man.
i probably would have bailed at the half way mark when i was feeling quite low physically and mentally
I was in the top 3 on solo and lost solely due to buddy having 2 concussions.
Because Im going to feel sorry for the death of someone who assaulted me. Sure thing buddy.
It's an underrated drama which just got snubbed on [NAME]
ill start with the one about interlochen i see jonathan the boy who asked me out and was a freak and i used to like him until i realized how stupid he was and i sang a recording for him and i feel so regretful of the whole ordeal with him and yeah
I hate this comment. More-so, I hate how likely this comment is to reach fruition.
Broke and jealous
“Spite-based refugee system...” really got me chucking.
I’m sorry than happened to you and your family. Really puts things into perspective.. thank you for the reply !!:)
In fact the South side of Chicago is the baddest part of town
Does anyone have the video of [NAME] drawing the charge I didn't get to see it.
The lucky ones died quick
Kinda sad to laugh at people who really need serious help.
Sorry, didn't know where else to put it
The real bad beat.
I'm getting old. :/
I could not agree more. Actually, last week I played in my first smash bros tournament! (I lost, obviously)
I am so upset for you and your family. She knew what she was doing, which makes this even more horrifying.
That’s a shame. What’s worse, evangelicalism or Scientology? Tough call
i am a christian and appreciate the points but i do feel it would be rejected by those who do not believe
i came to a theory whereby even if you feel that you do not want to hear the truth in the end you would have to face it for my case i had to read it which was a remorseful feeling for me
I use to get this but now I just get ghosted.
i feel beaten by it
The fact that [NAME] was not mentioned in this thread confuses and upsets me.
I picked up smoking again thinking it would aid that void that is working. It just made it worse.
i feel physically beaten and so very exhausted
i feel that i was damaged by gt gt gt religion and i will not let that happen to any children of mine
i feel like im taking up some more needy persons place in the er
i do realize that this is a unique situation and is by no means representative of the majority of amazing birth moms out there who make hard decisions in the best interests of their children but i can t help but feel jaded by the experience
i feel very isolated from my family so it is really important to me to meet people
In the time I've been seeing this he has already lost 3
im just sick of feeling unwelcome here
So sorry for taking forever. Do you have an Apple device? I have given up on converting to google sheets.
i still feel devastated and disconsolate
i am currently feeling like you know that kind of devastated desperate feelings trapped inside like somewhere between screaming and crying more of like you want to slash your wrist but you are afraid of death
Thing is, some fans will *never* be happy. There is nothing that can be done to please them. That's the problem.
Animal Crossing made my wife into a vicious and abusive murderer.
It's sad that nearly everything seems ok as long as [NAME] told you to do it.
Worried about it escaping....now that's fresh food.
i can feel more submissive
Nononononononononono this is not happening
Goodness, If you carry on saying mean things like that you might just hurt my feeling.
My parents just couldn't understand that pick
Thank you, and I am. I'm definitely fine with regretful parent, I'd flair myself that if I had an actual computer at hand.
And still so few go to college): Such a broken system.
That is incredibly disheartening.
It doesn't matter. You can pick someone with the #1 Pick that will never be any good...
i listen to this song i can feel a sorrowful atmosphere
i can peruse a few pages before i feel that dull headache building at the base of my skull and by that point i m kicking myself for bringing on a dreaded case of car sickness
i need to feel my ears agonized by the high treble of a guitar amp turned all the way up
And you're a lame, sorry not sorry
i don t perhaps feel the emotional connection to the issues as an american would but that doesn t take the enjoyment away
Good lord. > STATISTICS ARE BAD, WE MUST RELY ON ANECDOTES!
This hurts me
Drives to work, realizes its a holiday because nobody answers their phones. Still stuck at work... nothing to do. We dont get paid holidays :(
Yeah, It's just difficult to resist the lure of the dark side.
Heart breaking* sorry haha
Except it destroyed 76% of America's scooby snack production. May Shagster have mercy on us all.
while it's debatable how big government should be, I'm glad someone isn't advocating for private fire departments again. that was such a disaster
Would of been slightly awkward for someone to walk into my building haha
i remember feeling completely hopeless and wondering what the heck i was even doing there at miss idaho with women who were totally in a different league
i actually feel like i have been beaten up
i hate feeling like that because its stupid
i cant help but feel somewhat heartbroken by this news
I feel your pain...
Trust me, if its a person you have feelings for and she/ he just wants your body, thats really painful.
Well damn, sounds more reliable then shit like and all that
I apologize for my error. I'm not currently up to date on my regional flip flop styles.
Me too, except there’s no hookup. (I’m so lonely)
TL;DR No more Superbowls for [NAME]. Get ready for another winning season that ends in disappointment.
Sorry about that!
i clearly remember the feeling of being depressed during that time
im still starving
Can't clear anyone of something that never happen or that they never did.
I feel your pain. Sitting here wallowing in self pity and anger at how I let myself go!
my brain hurts...
ive recently had one of those experiences that left me feeling inadequate
Oh, sorry bud. Didnt mean to be rude
And it’s super awkward with someone you barely know.
Palms had a rough game against PHL. Seems a bit off lately.
i was gay that i began to feel disturbed and embarrassed
I'm sorry :( I hope this year ends up being incredible for you in ways you never anticipated, to make up for it. Hugs.
Oh I didn’t realise, sorry for my ignorance
Lol now that I see it put in this way, it's even more sad. Thanks :(
i like them cause i can take or of one if i am having muscle pains and i don t want to feel groggy
I can’t stand [NAME] but that was heartbreaking
I actually want to die rn. I don't want to watch the SB but I know I'm going to.
Far enough, np. Its rough communicating sarcasm in text form, especially nowadays with Poe's law in overdrive.
That’s unfortunate
I've seen a number of them on there. I regret seeing most of them but some are legit movies.
I mostly just feel like this life is a test I’m failing, and I’ll have another chance eventually
[NAME] rolls with his kitties and is hard as fuck.
2. I hate to say it but it’s the same thing I do and I hate myself for it
I’m crying omfg
I died a little inside watching all of that champagne go to waste.
:( im sorry
Damn I was about to go out tonight.
i feel useless and helpless and broken
That poor mercy. Just died to die again xD
Oh dang I hadn’t even looked at her face!
i didn t binge at all during the weekend and had more energy to clean the house something i had put off for weeks even if these pills didn t really make me lose any weight i wanted them because i hardly felt the need to eat and didn t feel totally and completely exhausted
i feel so unimportant it sucks
I don’t know about the whole state but we do have some shady cab drivers here.
The sad thing is, relatively speaking these are actually pretty good living conditions. Check out Harris Ranch.
Damn, [NAME] really moved up in the world after her breakup with plankton. Good on her!
hmm today i will listen to death and destruction
That comment reads like something out of a circlejerk sub. I can't believe it was said unironically
group wasn't bad. Edit: Unless you're talking home rentals then my bad.
Well, I was going to surprise you [NAME], but what the heck...I’m gaining a bunch of weight to go on disability!
Her accent!! I died.
i can t help but feel troubled by this
you're [NAME]
Sorry, I wish I was wrong, but Mathews is over rated
Tis nothing but a scratch
i feel like a blank sheet
My best friend waited 5+ years for her boyfriend in prison to come out. Two days before coming out, he dumped her.
They’re also communist, so that puts them above their reproach
my girlfriend who had spent months abroad broke off our relationship by letter
i find myself more and more lately feeling like i m a shitty wife and mom
I should have known what awaits behind the oilymama hashtag and yet I searched. Now I’m sad.
Unfortunately I’m not a military man
You missed the chance to title it [NAME] :(
i would be the one screaming and yelling but now that ive handed bill paying responsibilities to my family i feel at peace with the idiotic long distance calls that seem to accrue every month
i list them out i feel pretty lame whining
Meh, I'm actually pissed at some of the people I usually defend for getting excited about this too.... we did lose our data.
Gotcha. I see my clarification above. I sincerely apologize that anything I wrote made you feel that you needed to enforce your boundaries.
That's a juicy offer. Pity if it goes sour
that made me feel bad for nw
I'm all for not getting too crazy because we've had a rough stretch, but [NAME] scoring twice hurt. A lot.
i cant even pay attention because i feel so lame watching it
I'll miss the podcast
i feel abit hopeless at times man darn itttt
And it is always because of a dropped combo that should have killed
It’s okay, my mom has always hated me and I’m fine.
i personally feel that every rapist should be punished rigorously if not hanged
i feel like i broke all my rules and i won lots of battles other days i feel like nothing changed since days ago
If I have to watch Canada lose in a shootout I'm gonna lose it
I would not be that mad though. Just disappointed. I am angry at people like you, not the show in itself.
i was feeling when nick broke up with me over
Keeps going tho. Kids got heart
Glad you're rid of me? Pretty obviously breaking the sub rules there.
I just came off of watching all of his movies. Dear [NAME]. I love and hate them at the same time.
[NAME], you're back! And still posting the same old editorialized political garbage, I see. Some things never change.
Hate to see him go. The only thing I’m complaining about besides this was the hagelin trade back in November. Both hit home
i just feel heartbroken vunerable and sick tonight
i feel so damaged
Cried when [NAME] and [NAME] gave each other a big hug and [NAME] lifted him off the ground.
Upvoted because [NAME] is a good boi and can’t help it, but tbh it makes me sad to see him struggle like that..!
I'm worried that even in the summer we're not going to have the funds necessary to do that.
My toes hurt watching this
at this point if you couldnt figure out that most [NAME] here dont actually support [NAME], you must have some problems
OMG kids are dying from polio??
Sorry, What I meant to say was if it had been worded differently it wouldn't have the same effect.
i still enjoy it because i do not feel like i am being beaten over the head with a you are dumb and can t figure this out on your own stick
i was waiting an hour after strength training and i would feel really listless after a while
i feel my foot is aching my thigh is numb from the knee to the hip although i haven t gained weight i feel like it is shifting to my middle and i feel like i m a little trapped in this crumbling body
im beginning to feel like i know the terrain ive lived numb for so long now numb feels like norm thats where the story ends and this is where the fairy tale starts im beginning to feel happy
Aaaand everybody got diarrhea. Thanks dummy
Withdrawal, psychic-shattering, and other activist groups, the principle is very sad.
The sad thing is his is still glitched. Just a couple days ago I died from [NAME] lightsaber about 5 seconds after someone else killed him.
Our performance was an embarrassment and should never have happened. It's a bottom of the league style performance against top.
Gaaahhh. That one would hurt.
I sleep alone on the floor. That was a bad idea...
I also posted about this a few days ago. Maybe they have different designers but none of them has follow-up or approval from a single person, unfortunate
Sometimes it even feels pathetic which I know I should be trying not to be so hard on myself but, yknow, evidence is hard to ignore
i feel sorry for my subjects and tend to let go too soon
That poor soul
That has to be the saddest nba account ever. Like 4 likes every post :(
i feel like ive lost everything and everyone
Sorry. Bad day.
[NAME] living in y’all heads rent free lol. It’s kinda sad ngl. EDIT: Thanks for proving my point, guys 😘😘😘
Poor kitty. All you can do is give her extra treats, playtime and cuddles.
[NAME] is there anything more depressing than being in a leafs gdt when the leafs are losing.
i understand how unbearable it is to feel like worthless shit all of the time
That definitely hurt
I’m sorry to inform you that this man is an imposter. I’m actually undercover atm.
Weird, Tuxedo Mask looks shorter and pudgier than I pictured him to be
Looks sick actually.
I was always in awe of just how stunning she was. She doesn't photograph well though, it's a shame.
To bad we aren’t getting [NAME] vs [NAME] and [NAME] literally burning it down to close out mania. But man I love this belt.
if we follow this pannel she is non existent and you are just allucinating, im sorry to bring the sad news
i feel horrible they wrote again and again personifying an act they were not the cause of it was their progeny who should be genuflecting at her the wronged woman s feet
i often feel this is a very unfortunate flaw that i possess
I’m sorry friend. I actually used to be pretty good with this but I’m constantly getting worse.
I actually feel bad for your roommate, poor guy.
Can't let it get to you. You tried, got rejected, so move on.. Believe me I know it's discouraging but everyone gets rejected.
i feel bad enough now
And the problem is that they took doctors out of a&e and out patients and community services and gp's to pay for his monstrosity...
Looked like it hurt
So now disabled people don’t have rights . You get worse .
Wasn't expecting these feels man. I'm so sorry for your loss!
I dont mind these people dying, what bothers me is that some random bystander could be smashed by this guy should he fall
i always thought that if i contracted something from one of those people and passed it on to him that i d feel awful but after i got the sti test i thought i was basically in the clear
i feel idiotic sifting through personals sites only nerve
Didn't even get a chuckle out of me. I guess its just too high brow for my dumb brain.
Nah, reviewable offsides is pretty bad
i feel ungrateful and i know i feel ungrateful and i hate myself for feeling ungrateful hellip and yet i don t get that last bit
Well Happy Birthday from another random stranger on the internet. I spent my birthday mostly alone too, hope your day wasn’t too bad. 💙
I'm so broke that I'd take if you're still looking. I'm a guy though.
i still feel horrible
I mainly play EDH. Did try standard at one point as well but lost interest
sounds so good bro! but in my case i’m already out so it feels like it would be a burden to re-coming out... TvT
oops, my bad.
You're setting the bar awfully low for yourself.
Also, on my phone this didn't show up as a "cross post". Sorry!
I am sorry human being :(
i feel so badly for his daughter thats tragic
I regret looking at his posts.
i went crazy non stop dancing at rouge with her only because the live band was very good i was feeling very troubled and wanted to dance my problems away
As someone who has been in a similar relationship, it is indeed emotional abuse.
Hahah. I wish I could say that’ll get less painful with time but it won’t. Sorry my dude. F
I'm so sorry that your partner doesn't understand that you no longer want to put hormones in your body.
He is warped by porn. He's got a problem
I went to college to get an MRS and all I got was this lousy BS!
Sending love. I am so sorry you are going through this
i feel so empty and cold inside
Yep. Seriously painful to read
Yes, very sad but that's the reality of competitive online gaming right now
i still feel ashamed at how i treated him
i was a bit too nervous to focus on the faces and the feeling was not unpleasant i wanted to put in a joke to start with especially since it involved the key note speaker and i thought it was funny
No, their reaction was just as bad.
I hope all my muscles cringe so spastically all my joints come loose and I collapse into a writhing agonized pile of blood and meat.
Omg I'm crying and shaking rn [NAME] would never say that
im totally digging and all the band business over the last little while i feel like ive been totally socially and emotionally neglectful of a lot of shit in my world
sorry it was absolutely not like that
Totally and sorry for that
i didnt feel terrible about slowing them down
im feeling quite lonely here now and its only monday of half term
Aw, I missed it :( . I really need to spend more time outside of the roundtable thread...
Never thought of that. Now i dislike Heaven more than before.
I made some super dumb decisions as a teen. Thankfully nothing life affecting. Source: was teen
i feel that i still can forgive you but after you called me pervert hey im sorry you are totally out from my life
No one to blame here, bad luck is what it is.
[NAME]? Yeah, that one hurts.
i have a massive identity of my own and always feeling like i take the boring route
What's with the buying porn thing? I missed out on it
i had to sacrifice my comfort so he wont feel unwelcome
Im sorry I was just trying to help, thank you for educating me ill do better, Happy New year!
You gotta block the name out, sweets.
This is a bad post and you should feel bad for being the author
im feeling a little stressed out with it all
I'd be so upset about this, I hope you got to enjoy it thoroughly :)
They get pissy about "automatic defenses" for property. I mean, *REALLY* pissy.
Is this from “Please Like Me”? I loved that show. The last season had me in tears though. Really hard to watch. 😢
i feel like we had a connection but we ve struggled so much now we ve lost it and i feel so bad about that
Does anyone have a link to the rainbow song clip? I tried looking everywhere and can't find it :(
Sorry I now see how that was unclear, I mean being a unicorn on the internet by admitting you may have been wrong
I hope you’re doing well with RCIA! So sorry for your loss. Praying for you, your family, and your daughter ♥️
I've gotten injured before in RTTS from being hit (Bruised hand). 3 day DL.
Can someone tell me the difference? Sorry, please don't get mad at me...
i only feel vaguely remorseful
I’m so sorry you’ve been having a hard time. I hope that tomorrow is not only better, but amazing.
Whoops, I'm* dying. But I wish, they make so much money.
Where the mask inside, too? Are air purifers not good enough for inside? Sorry for the dumb question... Just moved here this week.
That is so sad, just goes to show we have a lot more to learn about the other beings we share this rock with : /
Nah, lady will come to the resc... oh, sorry, forgot
i feel soo disturbed by it
I honestly couldn't care less if we lose or not. I'm over the moon about [NAME] and nothing could make me unhappy
I'm sorry you're going through that, I wish I could help somehow :c.
i hate feeling stupid and incompetent
I miss you big strong daddy
It’s time to stop lad, it’s getting a little embarrassing now...
One of my best friends got caught up in Primerica, it was both sad and hilarious
This was probably one of the best videos I’ve ever seen on Reddit. What an amazing story. Job well done. RIP Chief.
Ahhh okay my bad I misread your comment, I thought you meant we’d be trading him if he plays poorly
It never ends well
stop hurting my feelings
Your logic is pretty messed up and the pos assumption has zero to do with this. Centralized mining will cripple the ability to fight censorship.
I'm sorry. I meant numbers. Where can I see them.
Worst feeling ever
Honestly, I have a hard time sleeping in socks. The fuzzy ones are the worst because they slide around on my feet.
I get abused on the daily fam ‍♀️‍♂️‍♂️‍
2019 should just be a picture of a trash can or dumpster on fire. Amazing how shitty DICE can make things in 10 years.
Tell him congrats. And that he srsly needs to work on his bunting; it's just painful to watch.
I also remember the scripts stating [NAME] look was one of jealousy, which disappoints me.
I’d keep at this line of dialogue but I’ve got to rewind some videocassettes, sorry. Carry on without me.
I'm finding it hard to distinguish "discuss the merits of conspiracy theories" and "debating" those theories.
Nope. Sadly early 30s
i didnt feel any real emotional connection this not being so much a character driven story
I really liked this but holy shit I miss my AR shots compared to like 1440 or even 1600
Sadly, he seems immune to bans. He also dodges them with alts like [NAME]
i feel like ive hated on this series a lot since ive started blogging so a little honesty is in order
Wha? I’m so confused. I’m so sorry this happened because it wasn’t remotely warranted.
The real problem is the malicious prosecution engaged in by Monsanto against small farmers.
i feel it like a dull ache
An indie rock guy I loved used dialectics to explain his songwriting process, it was weird.
Great, now my balls hurt and I’m yawning uncontrollably.
I'm sorry. Does Scholomance exist in the World of Ice and Fire?
When religion and flags get entwined, bad things happen.
Yeah, my bad
I miss SFist's Apartment Sadness column.
I must be getting old. Much more likely to be horny at 2 pm.
It's so much worse with a child involved. I'm so sorry you have to go through this.
Sorry pal, it’s actually one of my least favorites :/
"And then I apologized and expressed remorse over the situation"
So true it hurts.
Damn never heard of that, I stand corrected!
Dam tears in my eyes now, but seriously great job
i spent so much of my pregnancy feeling like a listless slug
i would go up to my bedroom feeling depressed
i cant quite put my finger on it yet the reason why i feel so listless
i feel like my house is constantly dirty because i truly hate cleaning especially when i m tired
Ooh sorry, I didn't reread the article. I just remembered seeing it on Instagram. I'll add an edit
NCAA is a poor barometer for scoring. [NAME] was leading scorer in all NCAA for like 3 years running. Not even sure he got drafted.
too bad nothing came off it
This is like the third repost of this. But yes, very sad indeed.
It's only 5 mins, but I hope this is the one. Sorry that happened to you friend.
i feel lost as in what the fuck am i doing
I use one every time I park and you just replied to me. so this is a bit awkward.
Oh, well, you again I tried some stuff, people ignore me anyway
i did feel bad for her because she did feel like she was getting pressured to get her cherry popped
Exactly, last year was frustrating with our [NAME] awful home record.
Man it's so cringy. Can't I like Classic Rock AND hip-hop? smh btw he forgot the beatles, just sayin...
Same boat, sank pretty hard at the worst time.
i get to feeling vain about it i start thinking of it as a battle scar and one that i will wear proudly
I was like you man, 3 felt so bad. But street part 4 3 becomes a so bad it's hilarious imo.
I was thinking 1-2 in each eye might stop the threat, but if I'm being honest I'd be worried about the ensuing legal struggle...
Excuse my wording. I should’ve said [NAME] all around game & unselfishness combined with [NAME] aggressiveness & scoring
i don t always have access to when i m feeling stressed which is usually the time i am most in need of the silence
I don’t think I’ve ever seen that many downvotes.
I am clueless lately. None of my students parents speak English. It breaks my heart because I want to have more open communication.
I set the house on fire and almost killed my entire family
i was feeling very homesick and was a good reminder of how blessed i really am
i will always wake up feeling miserable and heartbroken
i feel horrible for people whose babies accidentally suffocate from blankets and stuff because the guilt must be terrible but in a case like that it was avoidable so its more frustrating than anything
Incels can't even get a pleb thing called sex. Sex is for [NAME] apparently.
I'm disappointed that this isn't real...
I don't see any shoes on his feet after he lands. Kid is fucking dead.
It absolutely is. Sadly, most players seem to only want [NAME] with different aesthetics.
Sadly, that’s not the interpretation that many elders in your church have made. See: the Australian Royal Commission into Institutional Abuse. :(
. The only thing that matters is that [NAME] was murdered and those responsible must pay.
i make myself show up and feel isolated in the crowd ill know i was wrong about the anti social feeling
Both parents were drunk. Where were the small children? You helped her cheat and possibly contribute to child neglect. Awesome.
That awkward moment when people who passionately hate [NAME] inadvertently portray him as a hero.
I understand just so hard feels like I’m being thrown away like trash I don’t want to imagine a life without her in it
I understand. Sorry that happened to you. Stay strong!
It’s too cold to go outside most of the year. Whining into webcams is all they’ve got!
i feel that i am just so unimportant in this life
As a fellow browns fan, unfortunate enough to be born into a browns family and in ohio... Hello sharer of a lifetime of heartbreak.
It's so sad that people don't vaccinate their children. For every upvote to this post, I'll vaccinate my child in protest.
i feel lethargic slogging through work outs and finishing each evening with popcorn and a glass of pinot gris
Not cool Op...not cool...
i had just begun to feel like teaching was my metier but am now resigned to the fact that i likely wont teach at university ever again
What happened? I can’t stop thinking about this post. Her poor family. Those kids. 😢
Losing to cruz azul smh
movie sucks do yourself a favor and watch the Infernal Affairs trilogy they bastardized
By that logic its seedy and insincere for google to act like they care about Homealone.
For Citynews dot ca that is really sad.
That's the same thing 8 year olds use to try and get my items in video games. The guilt and shame strategy... Pathetic.
i feel that life does not make sense and it would help a lot if suffering made sense
Nobody here says 'excuse me' , it's 'sorry'
[NAME] getting off beat the dribble is hurting me a little inside /: Edit:words
Even today, many years later that still gives me chills. RIP.
i am feeling a bit miserable or passionate about something its all just in the moment
These people are so full of hate it's disgusting and disheartening at the same time. How do you de-radicalize these people?
May you find and skin the perpetrator. My apologies to your family. ❤
[NAME] is hot garbage on that court. He has been the biggest disappointment of any player this season.
I am so very sorry that you are dealing with all of this
My brother fell asleep on the beach once and his whole back turned purple from sunburn and yours is still worse than his! My [NAME]!!
i have had things happen and allowed things to happen to me that have made me feel ugly disgusting and unworthy of being loved or even feeling like i matter in this world
It’s got to be embarrassing at this point
They also almost always miss, leading to that awful thin sheet of bagel that ends up as ash in the oven.
This actually happened but no one clapped
I am so sorry! I hope you are okay!
Shit she doesn’t want = “curated beauty box” 🤔
O no shes gonna go after mandy
It's disturbing that this tweet got so many likes. Like, this is why twitter has a cancerous reputation.
I'm sorry but as someone who travels alone I would be pissed if I was told I can't drink at the bar by myself.
This feels *so* cringeworthily thirsty after [NAME] ridiculous meet & greets recently.
It's a shame that anyone has to deal with that sort of feeling. I'm sorry that you had a similar experience. No one deserves that.
These refs are [NAME] awful. Find a new job
That would expand his torso and ribs which probably hurts
Monster hunter world is making me desperately want to stay up all night and play it. But I can't make it past 11pm anymore 😫
Ouch, my heart. I never even thought about this...
im trying to standby his mother and follow my heart but she makes me feel like its all in vain sometimes
i still have not received any letter from moe and i admit that im starting to feel slightly troubled about it
[NAME] missed it solely because they've moved from the Rookies vs Sophomores format.
He has been given all the time/freedom in the world - he just doesn't deliver.
It just so happened that PD, sick kids , and family emergencies all happened to overlap between all my coworkers leaving me all alone.
Thats insane. Someone died like 2 years ago after a bolt got kicked up by a truck and went through his windshield and hit him on 146 in LaPorte
I misunderstood "come back strong"
When's he due? (Sorry, couldn't resist)
Sorry to burst your bubble but [NAME] is more popular than [NAME]
i find that i have so much to blog whenever i feel heartbroken
Everybody seems to be lost.
And then attacking you as a person when you say you'd prefer not to be stalked and murdered. Sorry but your friend is a problem.
Finally somewhere where I'm just an average fucking person Fuck why am I crying
To bad for you.
This is the sad truth for the exact reason he mentioned, they want a short fix to avoid doing this type of hard work.
I failed with my play on words. Oh well, can't win them all
i always feel boosted spiritually but totally drained physically
i am starting to feel the strain of not having enough time i did however make up some lost time with a vengeance yesterday and today and got s of the giant granny panties quilted
Awkwardly remembering all of those promises I made mid-panic attack...
That's really sad. I used to live not far from there and spent a lot of time in that park. Fished in those ponds many times.
i feel shamed and insulted
Due to work, gotta stay legal. Edibles aren’t legal yet sadly. Fortunately not taking it for cancer though, just pain.
Be careful of drugs like MDMA. Often people regret taking it.
I don't know how you get over the survivor's guilt after something like that.
i feel that all sports are unprotected from the media and on an equal playing field
[NAME] did a YT vid and now everyone trying to be like him. Sad!
yet another infuriating loss, against a garbage team no less
) /sorry, the Excel formula part of my brain was driving me insane.
i feel melancholy about the past as my parents have passed and i never really told them how thankful i am
But doing those things makes me feel so.... icky.
I’m thinking it’s from when she was abused when she was pregnant and lost the baby.
Doordash pays less than minimum wage, no money even to buy cheesecake from the cheesecake factory after paying rent and Bills 😥
An entire family gone within minutes... how absolutely heartbreaking.
i feel if it aint broke why fix it
i feel a sense of belonging to the soul of people even if i feel isolated from the collective ego of society
Sad part is there’s Flames fans that think this is true
This seemed so out of character but I was like cool. Weird.
yeah. it's like you know something real bad is gonna happen at any time. that's why I never try to get my hopes up too much.
Feels like im wearing nothing at all!
If we trade him I don’t think be will be a playoff team :(
It’s a shame we have to face the islanders so soon
That "Hard work" usually involved the junkrat pressing Q so I'm not about to shed tears
I'm sorry *what*
Sure you can, but the question is whether or not the kid will listen, or if you will upset the parent.
If they were that good, she wouldn't have burned through 3 pairs in 3 years.
It usually comes out after people catch me dissociating.
The second half of the game was a big disappointment for me. I really wish they kept the family around for much longer.
Ok that was a rude way to send him off. Can I have hot doctors again
Ah geez what a disaster if she tries this!
No where was I blaming [NAME] for the lose but he didn’t help. I just dislike his game.
Sorry actually [NAME] runs this one. [NAME] runs the daily wire. Also I didn’t see anywhere in there where she said that
i feel dismayed i feel like everything i thought was true was a lie but one thing i will never do is say good bye
I had 175/1 back in March. About to go to Vegas again and it will be disappointing to only get 12/1 this time.
They didn’t even respond to my email so I don’t think it’s gonna work
I’m disappointed that no one has suggested taking her up Oxo Tower yet.
Love [NAME], but he is really dumb when it comes to politics and economics.
Wow. What is wrong with you
ive been thinking about that this morning and realizing that my ordinary life is starting to feel dull
You know it’s really bad when the lashes are bigger than the brows
i feel so dumb for being honest
It’s definitely a massive problem for both of us. Attributing blame does nothing to solve the problem.
Or you just get rejected and then not murdered and your anxiety worsens until you can no longer approach women or even men.
[RELIGION] is what produces these people, there are plenty of them and a beheading has even occured in the streets of LONDON.
If he was from a free pack he's not sellable, sorry
That convention center sized groan right after the reveal.... No one wanted this. I have no idea what they were thinking.
She's passed away.
I'm so jealous. I'm in NYC for a year and the lack of King Cake is giving me actual depression.
Partial reopening within the next two weeks for services to the [NAME], but unfortunately for some a lot of the government is never coming back from this.
If [NAME] doesn't drop a [NAME] tribute tonight in his intro I'm going to be hella disappointed.
I’m sorry I only have orange ones :(
ranked is perfect and elo gap doesnt exist (fucking kill me)
I'm sorry, there is no way this guy is Canadian.
i feel guilty after i do these things
That head must hurt!
I just wish he got more screen time. Im enjoying this season but I feel like the huge cast of side characters get all the attention.
So sad—but not surprising. It would be interesting to know if there’s a difference between countries with and without socialised health care.
Sorry i was thinking of the word "Plaintiff"
i was still feeling terrible sore throat body aches stuffy nose congested etc
Might not have fallen if little miss [NAME] didn’t have to pull her skirt back.
Oops. I assumed, wrongly, that it was the same person.
This is awful and borderline abuse. I can't imagine thinking that's even slightly okay
i feel embarrassed but i don t want others to take pity on me i have too much pride
The “targets” so far has been guilty.
i know there are a million strollers and babies in the world but the thought that my stroller had made someone feel how ive felt so many times broke my heart
Yep, just PC this time, sorry
That was the first thing we tried and we could not get it to work.
For sure...sometimes I feel like I will just evaporate into nothingness as the stranger in the mirror looks on.
i have still been feeling numb i cant feel myself chewing or swallowing food
I'm sad that I gave that shit article a page view.
You're not the only one. I for one feel stupid for thinking 100t shouldnt be having problems with such an easy pool
The attempt was successful. He's crying and not talking to them because they're actually dead.
True dat, I lost hope a LONG time ago
i couldn t feel the fake lashes at all
i regret it because i feel shitty that i cant enjoy things if im alone i ended up seeing my brother afterwards who was in baltimore with his new girlfriend and wanted to see me as well as introduce me to her
Eesh, really sorry for your loss.
Oops, forgot to translate from UK lingo
Would not put too much trust on the numbers, Canadian journalists did a test on couple of these services and got different results between two identical twins.
im hoping to find peace with myself and in the world while still feeling the poetry of the tragic
Holy shit. Those guys are scumbags. I'm so sorry you had to go through such an awful roleplay.
Welcome! I'm a fellow INTJ-A female. Was also lonely for a long time. :) It's great to feel home!
Your uncle sounds fun. RIP indeed
You stole an Instagram meme? For shame
i’m running, hiding & avoiding this man. poor girl. her story is a sad one
Ugh. Sounds awful. I’m sorry :(
He's eating cheese and watching football in the sky now. Rest in peace!
and [NAME] got blessed with a LocationBot cat fact?! There is no justice in the world...
It's pretty stupid. Yes
Sorry pal but your just England’s b team
Far more to do with being entirely irresponsible and dumb than anything related to benefits or tax claims.
i feel when i have to sit alone
Δ sorry I completely forgot about these, but yeah you definitely changed my view
i feel so vain when i look at myself and notice how much i like my nose or how nice my face structure is
Can we ban posts about him now he's a predator? It just makes me sad now, Idk about anyone else
Gonna give up your best friend for a g huh? I'm glad we aren't friends.
Guys message got deleted, what did he say?
i was trying to think of anywhere else ive been that made me feel so awful awful awful
i feel like a crappy mummy if were stuck in but there are days where i really cant face much else then venturing out to the garden at pm
if he ended up with that chef, damn that will break my heart for sure.
im not the only one that feels this discomfort and discontent in general as evidenced by matt from muse quoted here talking about their album if you look at those protests in france the size and level of protest doesnt really relate to what theyre protesting about
This moment always reminded me of being a kid and turning on Nickelodeon only to find Nick News with [NAME]. Ultimate disappointment.
i am feeling pretty homesick for maine
ive been feeling rather defeated and stressed out but this appointment reminded me that though i may be failing in other areas im doing a pretty dang good job at growing this baby
i don t know how to feel any other way about losing someone who feels like a member of my family than heartbroken
Sorry I haven't been keeping up to date, what happens next week?
The “sad [NAME]” tops it off
I'm sad we have you at home this year. I want to make a trip to see Allianz.
Somehow this hurt more than the Saturday game.
i was driving back i was having a moment of missing new orleans and feeling really sad when it just hit me that i was able to go visit them for the night on a whim and i felt such a peace
i had friends being sad feeling rejected from the world i think i finally realize that friends arent what i thought they were
i woke up yesterday morning wondering if i had hurt my mommys feelings and just had this horrible feeling in my stomach and horrible chest pains
im trying to but my depression gets the better of me i have my good days and bad days
i didnt feel like anyone really hated me or noone new anyway and i managed to just not think about those who do
so obnoxious.
Neither are those 6 other pairs that I am wearing!!!
The fact that "TrueChristian" and "TrueChristianity" are so [RELIGION] is extremely telling. The faith is dishearteningly fractured...
i disinterested but when i do read it i leave off feeling inadequate
Yep, lack of proper coaching yet again. Sucks we missed out on [NAME].
Oh ok sorry
Because this is a poorly run franchise. This is a bad team.
Lol oops what season are you in so I will know what not to spoil 🤪
I feel horrible for the government workers caught in the middle of this. I hope it ends soon.
I was thinking it’s sad that a team that hasn’t had a FRP for what seems like a decade has a better record than us.
i feel in the tragic case of the woman who was raped though hard may it be the baby should be put up for adoption if the woman cannot bear to keep him her
i feel like on my ugly days or ugly phases as i call them i m not just unattractive but that i m unattractive in an odd way
Disclaimer: This is r/television not r/news. Sorry for the mistake.
i used to always throw out twd as an example of dual excellence whenever anyone would defend some tedious issue superhero story but recently i feel like the single issues are suffering a bit
kid still sad after eating food, because it WASN'T A HAPPY MEAL.
The problem is that data shows graphics sell, gameplay doesn't. It really sucks though, I wish they gave us a toggle at least
It's a prime-time soap. I feel so guilty.
You are one pathetic human being.
I TOOK TOO MUCH OF A RISK IM SORRY
I’m sorry to hear that. When do you graduate?
Probably out of desperation as they going no answers with the other made up god.
Have thought most of the game was OK with some bad calls both ways... These last 5 min tho...
Oh sorry on my phone auto correct. Which does jobs you focus on one person ensuring that they are ok
This just made me laugh loudly in public causing uncomfortable stares.
Go for a walk with him. No phones allowed. Let him talk, share your experience. It hurts a little less every day.
It’s awful. I couldn’t even see the ending at all.
I was tripping balls my first time.
Not as excited anymore about having the most difficult second half in the NHL...
Oh man that title hurt my brain.
i feel like i know i m troubled and that s why i give myself an excuse
i hate being selfish but i gotta admit i feel so depressed about it
A few years ago a lot of shows tried to do a “second screen experience”. It didn’t work and died a quiet death.
This should be the norm instead of the exception. Sadly the leaders in law enforcement are almost always more into politics than principles.
i need these crutches but i feel like i cant help it i resigned myself to a position of being miserable so long ago that its taking me baby steps to realize i dont have to be
Na. Rediting my post. Sorry for the ignorance.
i type this i feel like one of those unfortunate animals that gets caught in washing machines and somehow survives much lighter ragged and half dead
I repent. I repent. Oh [NAME] [NAME], I do repent.
I feel your pain 😪 i got scammed $1400 in November. I felt like a dumbass for falling for it too.
I want 10 - 0. This organization deserves the embarrassment.
I feel bad for them now, but if they ever get good I’ll hate them like the rest.
Stop calling them immigrants, that’s a lie. The term is “illegal aliens”.
i was to her in fact so i m taking that as she feels regretful for what she has done
Ah what a bummer! Better kill them herons & spoonbills!
awkward edit - aww are you a rangers fan, damnit
These leaks are actually very credible. It's sad that you guys let Hate and anger blind you from enjoying the experience.
i wont face these obstacles and feel like a stressed out mess or worse a mommy failure
Where? Sorry, the link doesn't seem to work!
The left side attack of [NAME] [NAME] was woeful
oh, what an unlucky woman, that mother of his...
He’s soft. No heart.
50 becoz I’ve used before and it’s A really intense high but after a bit of research I’m extremely hesitant to use it again
Ok. Progress. Not only I presented more facts, I also asked some questions. Still unanswered, sadly.
God. Damnit. Ever since HS hockey players have been my fetish... This is almost too much...
Some rambling paragraphs about what a waste I am and how sorry I am to be a disappointment to those around me and that sort.
That was painful.
Really disappointed it's not even coming digitally on Vita outside of Japan.
Yep! And the buns seemed so much fresher then. Last time I went, years ago, it was terribly disappointing.
Man, this analogy is frighteningly spot on. Makes me sad for the province.
The few people that survive jumping from bridges say, almost invariably, that they regretted jumping the second they entered free fall.
I feel left out... I never get invited to our new world order meetings with our elders of zion
It’s shame that despite the years of dedication, persistence, and hard work. His efforts are reduced because of his height.
People who mindlessly defend Turkey and Ergodan are very delusional!
> But you will probably find you are noticeably worse looking at 40 than you are at 27. Well that's disappointing.
that tease tonight lowered my hopes
Yet I still feel lonely doing it...
I'm all for finding ways of reducing gun violence but this seems to just be arbitrary and capricious.
I gave up on the show over and over before I adopted 'just skip around'. Ended up finishing all of 3-6.
Sorry, might have been the wrong command. Just checked my uplay for it. It's /nodinputpad
My neighborhood is majority Haredi dude. Getting upset when a minority moves in is bigotry.
Hi! :) Because I am broke, I guess.
I'm lost here
im feeling plunge us into a world of melancholy and love
im temporarily wounded feeling like an idiot and have already missed yoga because of the fall
The contempt from [NAME] in these threads lately is seriously disappointing.
I feel like the world just doesn’t want [NAME] to have the spotlight. This is torture for a [NAME] fan like me. :’(
Yeah. Hard not to catch feelings sometimes, even if they are just a bunch of writeoffs.
Doesn't matter what we do. The announcers will trash the Wolves and praise the Lakers. I miss [NAME] and [NAME].
It's a last resort when I forget my iPod, I swear
i just got home from a dinner with the barcial it was fun but it made feel so gloomy
Yeah, sorry I don't know British or Canadian.
i feel also just drained
In that conversation it was the girl being boring and closed... sometimes it’s not your fault and people feel they’re the ones being awkward
Hopefully all of them lol. None that I know of in particular though sorry
Except [NAME] is worse
I don’t make the rules, man, I just blindly follow them like a sheep
that number 3 is soooo familiar and sad.
You can see the regret in the eyes
We are very clumsy creatures. Eventually you just learn to laugh it off. *The crying comes later when no one is around*
>Cause they almost never hit anything. Very inaccurate. The benefit of fighting against a largely untrained adversary.
Sorry for your loss. My bestfriend is turning 13 soon and I'm trying to cherish every minute we still have.
i know its too late to crawl back to you but im feeling so alone
She has major SB😖
That's kind of sad to be honest.
Yeah people used it as precedence. That’s very sad. What’s your point? What abhorrent treatment?
This post is not going to age well.
i want you feel that much pain which i am suffering for last some years
That’s sad, although I’m aware they historically haven’t been weaned off of authoritarianism.
I HAVE EYE PROBLEMS NOW IM REALLY YELLING
Some seriously embarrassingly bad fan fiction too
*losing hope Loose is what your mom is
I just cant imagine someone insulting a guy by comparing him to one of the most successfull child actors. (I know who [NAME] is)
I'm at job that is effecting my mental health, and I'm not sure if I should be up front.
I fail to see the downside of that.
Her attempts to be “edgy” fall flat are incredibly cringeworthy.
I know he will be, I'm just nervous. His face is just going to be so sad 😢
Possible sad tyre
I’m offended that your offended
BREAKING NEWS: The new girl had to shred/chip a 6lb entire chub of Kentucky Gold ham today. Poor girl's arm ached the rest of the day.
2017's sky high fees proved that this tech fails on a large scale. It's a disappointing reality.
i mean it is exhausting to feel bad all the time
I had so many avatars named after Star Wars characters on Millsbury. I miss it 😭😭😭
i am feeling really lousy i take out the diy therapy chart and look up the emotion i am experiencing
Uh . . . Uh . . . I'm not feeling so well.
Makes it a lot less stressful tho. Regretting staying up this late tho
I wish I could get the entire interview but it's from a SiriusXM Radio Show
Idk, I just need someone who cares but I always lose everyone and I’m sick of trying to be good enough.
I thought this was going to be a fierce, competitive game... how wrong I was.
i feel sorry for you guys
For crying out loud, all they had to do was use the smegging wipers!
I tip my invisible hat anytime I drive past this dealership. What an unfortunate surname.
She accidentally tagged someone with the last name Bells
I liked TB 18, too bad it tanked.
dude, your mom is a fuck-nugget, i’m so sorry you’re dealing with this
i am so hurt and feel so abused
Honestly? No. I just feel sad for you guys
I feel bad for him and [NAME] i hate seeing the OGs fall #UNITEGAMING
Signing a 31yr old injury prone player for 5 years 60mil is pretty stupid. [NAME] would have been similar cost wise and he isn't made of glass
FFS. I find very few things more upsetting than reading their vile, twisted thought processes.
We sacrifice them both to [NAME] and throw them in the Baler!
Yes! And the one who embarrasses you by dancing and singing in the car while she's driving you and your friends home.
i drove back to the beach staring at the thing on the seat beside me feeling very depressed
Damn sorry to hear bro. You guys still friends though?
Yes, and when I do say "no" I'm filled with tremendous guilt.
That was so sad. And she kept calling for mommy the whole time. Then they ditched her with grandma.
Carmichael is near the bottom? Find that hard to believe. [NAME] just under McDaniels? Words cannot accurately describe how inaccurate that is.
It was definitely [NAME] goal. The stadium announcer incorrectly gave it to [NAME] though.
I regret not grabbing my work laptop today, then I wouldn't have to leave fort blanket until Thursday.
*and, sorry for the spelling mistake
Happy cake day and happy birthday! I'm sorry your friend bailed on you.
Dude that was in like October abandon all hope
Woah... I'm shortsighted and I can get 2 pairs of glasses for €149. $500 is insane!
I think the unluckiest... is [NAME]. :(
I’m embarrassed how long it took for me to figure this out. 🤦🏼‍♀️
i have many days where i feel hopeless today the light at the end of my yellow brick road was shining just a little brighter
This was a floating barge of bullshit bound to ignorance, which is headed for a recycle bin on my desktop.
I fell like you're being willfully ignorant of reality.
Sorry, I have plans that day, week, month. Watching TV while you peruse Reddit are plans aren't they???
ooh boy that guy went off the deep end and drowned
ill feel terrible in the end i dont know why i chose to continue being the shoulder for people to cry on or the one reliable person they can always turn to
i feel miserable just reading about americas heat wave and i live in the always hot middle east
I think men take pockets for granted, once you're without pockets you'll understand the pain.
Thanks for the feedback. Sorry, and welcome.
I'm sorry for your loss. Also send a Mass card.
I would think that would be pretty awkward having phone sex with a stranger
i kept my heart open and exposed while watching the news every night i would most likely never recover from the rush of helpless and hopeless feelings created by all the tragic stories
Teacher: Huh, I never though he'd really do that.
“Jinkies, unmasking the monster is such a pain... Nyeeeeeeeeh~.”
I agree with everything you said. I still fell sad for her but this is the consequences of her own choices
Not look much beautiful.
My parents died. I wish they were someplace warm that I could visit them with their grandchild, and they could visit too.
I went through that phase, I was quite depressed.
yeh and the new ones just feel like reskin cod games sadly
you are pathetic.
yep. Sucks don't it? You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares.
i dont think that is true and i have tried to explain my feelings but he replies that if i am submissive to him i wouldnt question his authority on the subject
I dont know this one (new or yet another alt) I can't take people seriously when they have a hidden agenda for these questions
i was feeling deprived because we did our traveling in june but we still have one weekend getaway planned for the middle of the month as well as the free concert every tuesday and a few other random outings
Nah man you need to have NEGATIVE IQ to enjoy that show, cuz the weed ain't working.
No it's propaganda we because r/politics only presents info, true or (usually) or otherwise info that is designed to hurts conservatives and help liberals. Propaganda
i was left feeling a little disheartened
Oh boy this aged poorly
i feel so dull when you re not around
i will stop feeling heartbroken when i see my unfollows
Next headline April comes around: sorry there is hold up and we won't be ready until early July.
I took swimming lessons for a while and my fingerprint thing didn't work for months
Lmao I'm sorry!
I will let my nonexistent child die, thats all right with me!
[NAME] dude I’m sorry. That’s their problem now. Bump some [NAME] and keep moving forward.
I am bored of [NAME]. Next celebrity chef!
i get scared i feel ignored i feel happy i get silly i choke on my own words i make wishes i have dreams and i still want to believe anything can happen in this world for an ordinary girl like you like me for an ordinary girl like you like me how are you
If I died I've always wondered who will be at my funeral. I imagine only my mom. Maybe one of these days I'll find out.
No kidding. That was extremely disappointing.
It was pretty heart breaking, then the council came out and said they weren't going to collect them. Made a lot of people mad.
I am here to tell you that it really will work out okay! I have certainly felt like you before. It sucks to feel lonely.
That was painful to read.
Just life.. I feel like i'm just a parasite that should be removed.
That's far from what happened and there is overwhelming evidence to the contrary of the circumstances of her death that it leaves no room for debate really.
You gotta watch with subtitles IMO. The dubbed English version looks and sounds ridiculous.
No, I was very interested in the game until this news broke. Now I’m a little disappointed. But at least I can opt-out.
Huh. Siege is still a thing. I miss the old days. :(
I want to make friends too :( but I feel like I have nothing good to offer
Damn this guy just had a bad day!
Ya uh that's gen Z sorry
World has Turned and Left Me Here.
Even that game winning kick was close. Our kickers are cursed.
I do not, sorry! I am not talented in the ways of making/editing videos.
i feel completely empty detached and depressed
I miss it but it was op
Oh no! Poor dude!
Now, remember, this is a very dulled version of what were used to considering they’re still riding the super bowl high from last year.
She haven't tried contacting me in 2 years, i guess she lied. Congrats to me, I won the 'miss you more' game. ):
Hello. I’m sorry you’re going through that. Why do you think it’s impossible to leave?
The fact that big corporations that made their successes off capitalism are embracing Marxism is really disturbing.
You hang your head in shame. Not because of this, but just in general.
I love rock music but I enjoy draft punk too.....*feels bad man*
Our education system has been a complete and utter failure...
It is pretty disappointing when you can't pet a service dog that's cute but the rule has to be followed.
Also, he never gets hurt so you can't Robidas the guy.
Sorry to hear that
i don t feel hopeless or depressed
Girlfriend is straight off of Shop Hush social app and onto reddit. Someone tell her, its slightly embarrassing.
Unfortunately there are also far less/weaker unions now too
That's just damn creepy.
Just ask him what he’s looking for. It might be awkward but honesty is the best policy. Good luck!
I’m so sorry. You deserve so much better.
i liked boys and didnt feel inhibited by them
i hate complaining all the time but it s so scary to feel so alone
i have been crying a lot and feeling kind of depressed
I'm sorry to hear that. Wish I could be here to help you, stay strong
i felt so deep in my heart that that love was not lost that caresse was my way to be in touch with the rest of universe that love as hate as all the strong feelings are never vain and never lost
Unfortunately not. 😏
Poor [NAME] she just broke her back
hit or miss would anybody care or miss huh..? aint nobody love me and ma dad also left me yuh...
IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT MAMA
i do know is this i have no desire to spend my life feeling discontent so i seek a solution to the problem
I am sorry but you dont have a saying in this matter. Its up to your parents to solve this.
She might just be bitter over her own relationship and this is a painful reminder in some way.
It hurts to snap out of that denial and face the truth your loved ones are dead... I guess.
Oh jeez I missed that :(
She reminds me of my crazy sister. Just a ball of nervousness and constantly just on the verge of crying.
That's just....sorry, but stupid is the only correct word.
Sorry just seemed like you were trying to make it a [NAME] thing
I tell them my wife died in a car accident 10 years ago and I couldn’t fall in love again. I’ve never been married.
i dont really miss the sleepless colic crying newborn stage though i am feeling a little sentimental
i feel it looks abit dull and i am going to match the colours with the colours i am going to put on my final cover which i think will be white black and either red or blue
WE can't always have what we want. I see them losing.
Your nurse is an idiot and I'm sorry you dealt with that. Yes you are sterile, and talking to your doctor is a good idea.
I’m ashamed to look at how much time I spend on Reddit
Her upper lip always looks terrible - such an easy fix, can’t believe she is so vain and never bothers to wax
i feel so sorrowful so dejected the words ring through my head i am so damn affected by everything you say and all that you do why can t i let go i want to be happy too
i will never feel heartbroken again
i have a confession to make and i feel so rotten about this
I miss [NAME]
Will see,still better for Chelsea then [NAME] who looked completely lost and devoid of any confidence lately
Thanks, I had missed that. Just read this article today.
I would of at least helped the poor guy. Throw some fire crackers at the dam thing
You sound upset.
im just being straightforward theyd feel hurt
I just don't want to see them shame themselves, and actually show their worth and virtue instead of showing themsleves to be a walking sexual object
Yes that would've been so much fun! You can only imagine my shock and disappointment...
Oh no I didn’t see that episode!? She pooped in the car?!
A complete lack of self-reflection is a prerequisite for being a [NAME] supporter.
I apologize if I came across that way, it was not my intention. I meant only to state a fact.
No it’s a lie because he could not possibly have been in Vietnam. And he did not correct a single outlet who said he was.
Same thing happened (to a slightly lesser degree) with [NAME] last year and it made for a lot of heartbreak that some never quite got over.
i try not to care when hes with his party friends especially since he doesnt usually take me and i feel like hes embarrassed of me or doesnt want to deal with me on his night of fun and glory of being cool
But what about teams like the cavs? They are clearly a terrible terrible team, but they gotta wait longer to rebuild with a 3 year average.
Uuuuh I bet they look sick :D
So it’s somehow weird or different to make a child/student pick up their (there) own mess as part of the lesson?
i enjoy hearing the faith stories of other believers sometimes these stories leave me feeling inadequate and guilty
i feel lame even saying it
It's harder to find a decent picture of him
Because I want to be with someone but no one wants to be with me.
If many people truly see that as a consequence, I'd suggest SD's public [NAME] needs some work. Sad.
Sorry you are having such trouble.
i feel dull and easily all of the difference of the rule absolutely no i just can t several it so this in turn quick easy casserole is fantastic relating to group meals local hall pitch ins picnics address luncheons etc
I’m telling ya, we really need to impose a basic hockey knowledge test to post here. I’m sick of the mouth breathers.
i found out on a day when i was feeling stressed and unsure of my abilities
i feel absolutely shitty
I almost didn't finish this stranger mission because I just *knew* it was going to be bad.
i dont know i have this one feeling that i feel isolated on twitter well nobody were isolating me i just felt like among those who were having convos together im the only one who keep talking about how i am happy the drama ive been following was updating their new episode
Guys a complete troll who has no idea about cancer or the physical pain it can cause. Move on and don’t give the cunt the satisfaction.
sorry, i phrased that wrong. i meant that as a asexual, i get that a lot
i should have known she likes kamiki kun he laughs nozomi feels an unpleasant knot in her stomach you must think i m a fool don t you nonchan
i reconciled and life goes on as does marriage but i feel terrible for what i did to her and to the one with whom i had the affair
i am quite perplexed by liam i m trying to figure out if he s always been submissive or does he feel he needs to be submissive to mark and johnny
I will take it a as serious question. Sorry. I am in Europe
i have realized that by ignoring it i am no better and it is heartbreaking to feel so helpless against it
i dont know where i want to work because there will always be something that makes me feel stressed or anxious at work whatever the job may be as all jobs require some sort of rules or pressure
Jeter been enjoying the Miami nightlife a little too much maybe, dulled his senses.
i don t feel depressed for lack of a husband all the time
If you have a bad memory, you have to train yourself to take notes
[NAME], my eyes are hurting from how furiously they're rolling in my sockets right now.
im not down how do you feel about yourself train in vain describe your ex girlfriend boyfriend cool confusion describe your current girlfriend boyfriend whats my name
Extremely painful to watch
"I've made a huge mistake" - Me, walking into this person's house.
i feel like other books i pick up are going to be dull and boring in comparison
I've been playing this game since release and didn't even know that!
i feel ashamed because i was doing the very thing that the bible taught against
Purposefully hurt people. [NAME]. I don’t understand why anyone cares.
i feel so fucking tragic
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news
The guilt of sin represses all
This really hurts my feelings.
This is straight up depressing
Watching Revenge sometimes makes me cry, thinking back to when I tried to memorize that song, and listened to it over and over.
Easy: he’s completely unrepresentative of Colorado and really bad at his job.
oh right that was a huge leap my bad
I'll give you that. Society is generally in a decline. I don't date men so I can't speak to that.
I'm sorry.
I got mine at 21. The ex wife would have had me snore instead of wear it for years.
i feel i deserve i get depressed
Sorry to hear about that! Are you just under observation? Any anti-clotting drugs they're pushing?
The fact that you stayed this long really doesn’t but the blame on him, you chose this relationship
i am still feeling pretty lousy from this allergy induced stupor so last night i just was not really feeling wildstar and interacting with other human beings
Hi Tired, I'm Dad. And I'm very disappointed in you for following your older brother's example and becoming a trap that poses for /b/
Hard. Social anxiety/general fear/uggoness kept me from actually getting dates and i was extremely awkward when I finally stopped anxie-puking to actually go on the date.
Imagine being born in 1987 and not having been invited to a party since your friend's birthday party in 1999 though :(
i was intensely conscious of how much cash i had left in my gas and food envelope and i still have what i intended to save for next week which helps me not feel so stressed and scared
Dude that looks like some sh*t out of a James Bond movie!
Something's wrong. The top post on r/conspiracy isn't completely anti-conspiracy? Wow, feels weird. /s(?)
Auch, that's gotta hurt...
I made a post about a month ago saying [NAME] was trash and it got over 100 downvotes
It's disgusting how good our teams have been both years until december happens. It's usually started by injuries too.
Everything. Everything is wrong with being hypocritical.
Sounds like a really bad time. Just wait till you have a nice time and place to trip.
Also i think that person is really shitty and I’m sorry you experienced that. People are animals sometimes.
i feel troubled because of the ongoing relocation of our front door
When I was in Uni I worked in a call centre. Pay was better than retail but it was worse on the soul.
Guess [NAME] back hurts more than [NAME] neck, a comeback insues.
*concussion* *Trophy system kills it* *Another concussion* *Trophy system kills it* "Yo guys watch me throw this cluster" Honestly embarrassing
i love drink them i love that medicine because i want to be health anymore but my family reaction made me feel so depressed
i didn t see how my going in the army and maybe going to vietnam would achieve anything except a feeling that i had punished myself and gotten what i deserved
i have a rough day every now and then where i feel exhausted all day no matter how much sleep i get and then im good for a week or so
Didn’t know if you knew, so I was just trying to give context to your statement. Sorry.
Sorry man. Didn't realize I was talking to a Russian spam bot. Please give my best to [NAME].
Bless you this post made me cry
And..the reality of it hurts
“I am going to be going through a nasty divorce in a few years so I will need the money.” - [NAME]
i don t mean to be rude but i don t feel i want to be troubled with the thoughts right now
Yeah Q was bad card I was just bloating the pot. I definitely feel this is one of the worst hands I’ve played.
I wish I could forget. Stop reminding me :(
You know I’m sad the [NAME] hype is over because I actually think he’s been really good for us overall. I still trust him.
i had been feeling guilty that i had played a part in their breakup and i have been subconsciously trying to figure out what wen wrong and how i could fix it and how i could prevent it and what is the purpose behind it
My bad, sorry. I kicked a pebble on top of that mountain.
I miss him on our pp
Crying? Yeah i like crying C-calling R-out Y-for I-serious N-mental G-treatment
Yeha he failed to qualify unfortnatwly.
i cant help but feel like im doing something dirty
i was feeling pretty discontent after that
That took me a moment. I am ashamed and will now go commit Sudoku.
Lol [NAME]. Everyone ignores me. This just sounds like something a child would say. Sad.
I miss [NAME]
What a pathetic reply. I know we’re all supposed to be nice here but c’mon.
Why would anyone forget how dominant he is? Lmao Oh yea we suck.
[NAME]. Gun crimes are pretty much unheard of on that side of the pond, isn't it? RIP.
No stop. One Red and yellow team had to be sacrificed for the fortunes of the other. I’m sorry
im sure that in a couple of months i will be feeling homesick while i skype with my family on thanksgiving and when im working for the first time on december th taiwan has already surprised me with the interesting and enjoyable holidays they have here
And the new sword is kinda shitty, and not even a complete sword at that price. Also, the sword is really bad for the environment.
I don't drink I don't smoke I don't do drugs and yet still am not "happy rich and all that people say this brings"
I totally have second-hand embarrassment for my parents. It's equally bad when they misspell something in their email address (i.e: posion instead of poison) 🙄
Our knight in shining armor. I'll miss those high socks
I thought it was mildly interesting and don't regret watching it.
Now I’m crying before work thanks a lot 😭
Scars do not fade after 2 weeks. Its gonna take a few months. I've got some nasty scars too girl I feel your pain
I remember being three years old and feeling mortified and frustrated that my preschool teacher and classmates were freely dancing to ridiculous music.
One of my biggest regrets is that I never got to see [NAME] in person. Incredibly talented and the league is clearly better off for it.
bournemouth v chelsea took under 3.5 3-0 then in the 95th minute bournemouth grab another. feels bad man
i am depressed and feeling worthless getting on my gmc denali bike and conquering miles makes me feel less powerless
i already went out of my way to be as considerate as possible to others but now i feel like i am being abused
Oops! The bottle was so oily it slipped outta my hand and into the trash!
Dudes never show any interest in me irl so I was just thinking about getting a Tinder. Seems like people have much lower standards on there so fuck it
The man and dog have been spotted running past [NAME] and nobody is helping! I would help but I just had my nails done.
This hurts to watch
i feel everything intensely and emotional and physical distress is a daily part of living with the disability
I actually find running harder than passing on all madden
I hate it when mom and dad fight.
i still cant make it for longer than a half hour in the office before feeling awful and having someone drive me home but i feel perfectly fine when im sitting on my butt on the couch all day
Preach. The nuthuggers and happy go lucky blind sheep if the front office are nowhere to be found. So disappointed in this team.
Hey its you again. Dude can you please say "N" so I can complete the task? My last request went unanswered sadly.
[NAME] lesnar. Sorry [NAME]
Ouch! That hit hard
Too bad they lost.
It’s a shame, I’ve had numerous friends with disabilities but I’ve never treated them any less then my friends without.
The two most talented receivers [NAME] had, [NAME] and [NAME], had their careers interrupted by injuries and nonsense.
i feel so neglectful of lj
i have definitely seen and felt many blessings from heavenly father especially on the days when things feel gloomy and lonely while mike is away working hard for our future
I mourn for you anti-intellectuals
i have a pit in my stomach feeling disappointed
I'm sorry that America funded a coup, but I get to have my Medicare. - AOC
no one loves me
i am left feeling rejected judged and deemed inadequate
Competitive Deathmatch was a huge reaper fest last season :( Had many games where everyone was reaper except maybe two people
i haven t seen that side of him for a couple of years now that hes on some medications may be depression is genetic and thats why i feel so shitty all the time
Nah. Been over it pretty much since [NAME] said the Vikings did it too. Pretty hard to be mad when we were just as guilty.
I just can’t imagine he is as bad as that...it’s just hard to believe.
Brutal. I'm so sorry.
Ah yes, my apologies!
i go to church i ll probably sit in the back feel awkward and not talk to anyone
Oh god I thought he career was long over
I get your point. But really, the low prices is just a trap to get more men in lookout for action. It's sad.
Does anyone here think this will actually turn the Jet's around? I feel like this is the worst shit ever.
I'm sorry that happened. Was her hospice nurse aware that she was suffering?
Uh, sorry. We're under trumpcare now.
Do you have the MVP Giambi card? The stats are nice vs [NAME] but he hasn’t really performed like I expected
Looking at this hurts my teeth but dot damn those roses look so pretty
Seeing [NAME] score on them was unbelievable. How embarrassing!
Sorry for the bad formatting
i have a feeling that its something ive missed because it shouldnt be that tedious
Believe you me. TLJ is much, much worse.
All I see is a missed opportunity to pet a wolf tummy.
i was feeling especially disillusioned and unhappy allowing the last lines to make the most difference but most this is especially telling of how much my life has changed since i was fourteen how my experiences have altered my perceptions
That used to be my favorite view on the planet, but now it’s just rage. I can’t look anymore.
I am sorry little one
Yeah I'm in the same boat regarding DC, its hard to imagine living in many other places in the country for me at this point.
I’m sorry to hear this. Live a hell of a life for your mate
I have no confidence to boost
im starting to feel a dull pain at the front of my head between my eyes
That's not really true, people judge all the time, it's just that they're usually too busy judging themselves to judge you too.
[NAME] absolutely embarassed Milksmith in the game we've lost against the Griz. It never would've happened if we had AD.
i started today feeling not terrible
I feel like this happens to me every single time I shop there. I dont go in anymore because I'm tired of being followed.
I’d be very concerned if the posts on this sub were coming from 7 year olds.
i am right after my make up done i usually don t wear foundation so i feel like i look fake in the pictures
Could also be an overwhelming guilt in the heat of the moment. Probably hard to stay rational when you realize you've killed your own friend on accident.
i feel like im the one to be blamed for all things
i managed to craft that super early in the game and i was so disappointed that i basically could not get drunk
i would feel very ungrateful if i didnt thank you all and you know who you are
i was starting to feel a little stressed
I stopped watching [NAME] the moment vie when they made the sub surface and I realised they were rewriting history. It's insulting.
No, he doesn’t. But, the people who elect our officials do. I am appalled and embarrassed that she’s a [NAME].
i feel its image has certainly been damaged by all of this
i feel genuinely stressed with work
It's embarrassing!
Say it louder! I'm sick of these leeches, too.
i feel unwelcome in this home of mine
i believe people who use fulsome manners only for social reasons they aren t on the top of the scale of human evolution and i feel hurt by their fake behavior
So unsatisfying that it didn’t end with a pit maneuver.
Aquaria just lost her shit when the Cup Toss challenge went awry
ive been feeling a bit discontent with my music for a while now
No, YOU’RE crying!!!!
Naah, [NAME] fans got depressed when [NAME] didn't die
One day I was really desperate and tried putting warming balms that are intended for sore muscles on my lower tummy and it helps so much!
i know i am feeling discouraged and cynical
Not loving what I'm seeing so far, let's hope we can tighten it up.
My condolences. Lost my cat Zoey over a year ago. I still miss her like crazy. she was only 3 years old too.
Yes, all the time when I can tell somebody is upset with me. Allistic peeps really refuse to communicate clearly it’s the worst!
Now there is no one face to face so tough is an option
yep. I feel guilty for throwing them out but they're basically useless.
I feel the same at 5 feet 9. Feels bad
i feel we need to bear in mind though is that there are low cost resort rooms in europe and england if we look
ahah I hadn't even thought of it until the scenario I mentioned above, so dont feel too bad.
I’m sorry about your friend.
i feel like oh please why im so fake again but the spazzing thingy about gikwang is not fake
I have a feeling you're one of those far rightist trump supporters trying to use [NAME]. Your uncaring, almost sociopathic idealogies make me sick.
i forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to feel humiliated and rejected because someone was chosen over me
Definite Fridge Horror moment for that movie. That poor man.
He will regret nothing I'm sure
i am feeling so low lately just feeling of hopelessness is very disturbing making me tired and sick entire of living this kind of life
i feel devastated that this occured but it was for a good cause hopefully no more dogs run around acting like that so they too dont get shot down
i feel embarrassed though think really red faced with steam emerging but i feel i need to do this to better myself as an artist
Sorry, didn't realise I had to mollycoddle your feefees.
i need to get back to work rewriting an introduction i feel woeful inadequate in writing ill make this short
Another bad essay by me, sorry for butchering anarchism, anti-ableism and anti-psychiatry but I hope I got the point across :p
The saddest thing is you will never understand how absolutely idiotic what you just said is.
"While we've decided not to hire you for this postion mr. [NAME], we have an opening at the ticket window"
i feel so low from living high chorus post chorus outro i need you more need you more i need you more than dope
im not some outcast always feeling a fake sense of belonging
I don’t know man I feel like this goal is just a combination of unluckiness
i feel so useless when im stuck in those situations
Sorry if this is ignorant but is that a wig?
If it makes you feel better im gonna be scrubbing out hard for a while so maybe ill see you round to give me another loss
It's sad that we have to think of it as a miracle and not a regular occurrence :/
i feel like i m worthless and i can t do any good for anyone even tought i try and try very hard
I'm sorry to hear about what your sister did to you. I'm glad my videos could be of help!
I'm 21. I've entered adulthood and I even have to face negative comments from family members. Adulthood won't save me.
i feel devastated for a young man
i am still feeling unhappy and upset about the big changes happened befoe but i know times will heal everything img src http s
What a shame... she was passing really well too...
No. Not the I. :(
Yeah I love the shenanigans he gets up to. Shame he hasn't been able to get up to much recently though.
Thank fuck they died... I mean rip, so sad 💭🙏
Sucks even more to be the sons that actually died eh🤔
i leave feeling defeated hopeless and too weak to keep pressing into god and recovery
Feminists body-shaming and objectifying men
i watch dramas in order to feel like my mood is not an isolated incident
i was also feeling pretty low being fired four days before christmas
i feel blank and at a loss but hey that s old hat
Shame about him killing [NAME] on camera.
I'd say that the vast majority of the population is and was rightly looked on as horrific. Christmas music makes me feel like a real [NAME].
But I'm not happy
Got the same pops! [NAME] a lot :) too bad I can barely play him, wish there was a Hwoarang pop
I am sorry that you are experiencing such deep suffering and such pain. You matter in this world, and we would all be diminished without you.
Younger and younger he goes and where he'll stop no one knows. Sorry you had top be in such a situation. Thanks for the post op.
I think they are tied together. It is very difficult to maintain desire if you cannot accept things about that person.
Well that didn't take long, sorry for your loss :(
stop making me cry man
Hey fuck-o I've broken plenty of rules I just have the decency to be ashamed of it.
I’ve been abused enough by the Knicks today.
[NAME] is so rational, I’d just cry really hard if my parents spent all my college money 💰
Thank you for sharing this. May your friend rest easy and you find peace.
Any time. I’m sorry you’re going through this. Just don’t drink your emotions like I did.
I'm disappointed in you too.
Whoops yeah my bad And no just from the pictures ive seen there were just u opened sauce packets arranged on platters
Not to mention that the full video is part of the kids PR campaign according to [NAME] idiot
i sure hope we do as i feel very isolated without any contact with home
That guy face was soul crushing
WHAT. It says due date 12/31/18. Did she have the kid yet? Oh [NAME] I feel so bad for her and that child...... nooooooo
Nah, you should have just listened when I tried to warn you about fake
Worst episode of the entire show
It's so focused on the presenter and he is so unengaging it's painful.
They need more with more items because I've never been able to get same day.
Sorry for your loss 😣
Well that was disheartening.
i watch the snow man i can feel myself getting weepy already
Rip time wasted editing, its a shame that not many other people saw this
i feel defective for not wanting what makes me a woman
Damn, this is some cold, hard reality. Hope everything works out!
Sorry but what map is Adlersbrunn? Edit: Ah nevermind I see (after zooming in, it is the [NAME] map)
I’ve got bad news for you about NFL locker rooms if you’re offended by homophobic slurs....
What happens when a Jedi gets PTSD? Play this game to find out. Hint: ITS FUCKIN BAD NEWS SON
So how depressing is it that I know that's not true? You still gotta pay for a cold delivery.
We, the fans, are the losers here.
Some people are pretty dense. That comment was clearly sarcasm, sorry bout your downvotes 😔
My mistake. I just glanced over your last post.
A little girl recently died because her parents refused to get her medical treatment and insisted [NAME] would heal her.
LOL. The one in the bed, when [NAME] is walking in with the candle. It was just awkward.
i feel listless i cant do anything of it
I’ll just take this as an apology and bid you farewell AM x
Oh gosh dang it
Poor Guy. Come back stronger than ever!
i can have many kids but if there are too many my strength would not be sufficient and my wife would feel burdened
Sadly, I’m younger. 15.
This is painful
i have to emphasize the feeling of lost and found
Honestly wish I could do this, I miss my long hair sometimes :(
i feel drained mentally and physically and i really need to get back to a better spot
The worst is starting out in a new relationship after leaving a failing one. You want to fall but you know how much the breakups hurt
Some people have no shame or sense of self-worth. It’s sad.
It pains me to see [NAME] used in this abhorrent meme
Good. The US is behaving shamefully, the least Canada can do is to try and pick up a little of the slack.
i feel like i am one of them now before i resigned i got offered a job at the local council
Outdoor cats have a lifespan of about 5 years so allowing them outside is basically a prolonged death sentence.
Yea true , it sucks that theater mode doesn’t work its broken as hell in this game
This aged poorly
Bad news dude. You're almost 100 years past that.
My only regret will be posting this on my alt account.
Oh man I feel bad now. If you find it funny than it's funny 💖 sorry
Ugh foot rubs. I feel embarrassed thinking about how my nmom used to make me do this to her. Ugh ugh ugh
If they're not spending this year on [NAME] or [NAME], I have no faith for them to spend on big free agents in the near future
Oh well I guess. Can't blame you for that. We aren't all [NAME] though.
So sorry to hear that matey. What a good dog. Give him lots of pets.
I’m that skinny and have so much trouble gaining weight
i mean change is great though unless i feel like i am not alone in what i experience with having high functioning autism it s scary to make decisions and to want to work on myself in order to be the person i want to be
Must be sad that you waste your time idolizing "Pros" and being a absolute poser in front of your freinds
I’m not gonna lie guys, if we help a team break their 9-game losing streak I’m gonna be pretty upset.
Sorry I was being facetious
i don t feel rejected or abandoned which speaks volumes to the expansion of my self worth
look more 4th grade comments. sorry you're a child who has no brain. I bet your mother wishes she had a child who lived.
I don't know why but every time I see a meme telling me how good I am it doesn't do anything and doesn't make me happy
Man I'm sad, he was my favorite [NAME] when he left ([NAME] heir apparent) and I was ecstatic when he returned
I understand what he was trying to say, but [NAME] it came out badly.
Religion is the biases for more hate; wars; discrimination; bigotry and poverty than any other entity in the world, with the exception of central banking.
But it'll hurt
i have noticed a strange feeling of discontent encompass my very being
i also feel so awful feeling this way
FOOD POISONING BAD BURRITO
It’s only missing a line that says “who was born in June” for absolutely no reason
True, my bad.
then its lost man. So sad!...its terrible
Truly wretched.
i want to do it when i feel so tragic
I like they think that it’s bad that we are thinking about the fucking POTUS. It’s almost like his actions effect us all
I actually did have a girl a few towns away in a different school and no one knew her. No one believed me at first :(
The saddest part is that just this morning when we were laying in bed I was thinking about how much I love him.
i feel does my foot hurt a bit maybe but who cares when the rest of me is happily strutting down the streets of this great city
i feel rejected like my peers dont really understand me and as a result arguments ensue
Sorry it didn't help. I hope you can find something that does.
This is a reliable estimate. It could happen as early as in the 2020’s if were unlucky
When I am outside for daily errands, then it sometimes is inevitable, unfortunately
I did that my first day of middle school (got off at high school instead) but that's probably because I'm an idiot
i feel like an ungrateful ass
Same with [NAME]. I was even disappointed Parks and Rec had newt gingrich on for a cameo.
i feel embarassed humiliated sad miserable a title permanent link to what if i have already fallen in love
I can’t translate /s to Texan speak well and forgot so my apologies y’all :)
All the things you've been thinking about, fangirls, make me sad.
i have been starting to feel drained
i feel like a letdown and i feel like i allow myself to be hurt
i feel burdened by her and the fact that i have no help what so ever
i feel lethargic i just feel blah but when i m on the diet i feel great and have so much energy
Im sorry my friends money should be out soon then ill release for all to see
[NAME] i feel personally attacked
I can understand political acrimony but the death of humor is really disappointing. Very sad indeed.
My wife with BPD hasn't even kissed me in over a year. Get used to it if you're sticking around.
Sorry to say OP but it seems his IQ is indeed higher than yours.
Oi he got stabbed in the eye
i was feeling very melancholy tonight for reasons i dont want to talk about
i think many of us feel burdened by this pervasive belief that we are in control of things going right or wrong in our lives
Sadly I don't think even half the people who watched the game are gonna hear about that.
im not crossing things off ever growing to do list i feel like i keep making stupid silly mistakes in all areas of my life amp im just tired
I'm sorry you poop your pants every time someone mixes those words up.
What do you mean strap around the bulls nuts?!,!? Sorry not into rodeo things
Sorry *ss Crabtree is there so it's a possibility.
i said quietly too tired to feel anguished anything but resigned
That's really sad to hear, I can't imagine. I'm wishing the best for you
If you’re talking about 玛雅, I checked and they’re permanently closed. It’s a shame since the location would have been perfect.
i among other things it was one of those days when i got up feeling low
i feel so idiotic all the sudden
I’m too poor to watch this 🙈😂
Sad thing is, I wanted to, but I’m stupidly awkward...
Wimbledon’s instagram posted about [NAME] and his relationship with the Open and I ended up crying. Not ready for him to hang it up
i feel ungrateful too
5’8ish my guess. The one thing that blew me away I went to a COD event was how short majority of pro’s are
as a Ducks fan, this thread makes me sad...
I had someone do that to me on a delivery only order I was really upset it's another deceiving thing that we have to deal with on here
Oh poor guy. That’s so sad. I can see why she is an ex friend.
I'm seeing the error using Chrome both on MacOs Desktop and Android. I'm glad it seems to just be me though. Apologies for the snarkiness.
Aww fuckballs, I thought it was today :( My bad.
Sadly, it was not
This is such a lame idea. Instead of getting better and outplaying your opponent, you just want to make your opponent worse. Sad.
Same. I felt like I haven’t found the “right” therapist. Hang in there and hug your little one tight!
i feel beaten and tattered and washed up and drowning and i rise up for air just for a moment just to hear a little praise and another wave or gust of wind knocks me down again
Sorry. This happens to too many good people.
i feel so ashamed that i cant prove the women suck at knowing things about football stereotype incorrect
*Pauses clip to make sure that's not me* We're good. What a disappointing [NAME]!
In my experience I've also noticed his friends and got ditched by my girlfriend.
i feel empty inside iphone wallpaper mobile wallpaper a href http www
Not defending [NAME] at all but this is just super sad if it’s true...
Everyone who is complicit in all this should be punished and questioned as to why they allowed this to happen. Complete disgrace!
i forgot to feel sentimental about my line being pulled
i feel like ive been to submissive and let too many people just walk over me
I apologise, I'm a bit hot headed at times, especially on this account.
My father has been dead for two years and it's still been difficult to not talk about him as if he's still alive.
dude,,, same i cried today because i couldn’t go to the gym bc my foot was too swollen to wear shoes lol
i feel like i should just bite the bullet and do it but every time i think about it i feel stressed because im not fully supported on my decisions
OP inserted the F into “of” to make “off” and now it’s truly upsetting.
i get the feeling that i m totally isolated from them all and that they talk about me and my low self esteem behind my back and how they don t think much of me and how i m kind of a killjoy sometimes and how disappointed they must be because of the failure that i am
i would love to stop feeling so effing needy
I’m an anarchist, I don’t know how to read
I miss my Shrek Ghrok :(
The fact half the level has no fucking music is a real pain.
You know, I was wrong. I always assumed false dichotomy was their favorite fallacy when it's clearly strawman.
Is it just me, or do these children look really uncomfortable around the Duggars? The smiles look forced...
I might be alone here, but it was probably Blame Game. I don't think I heard a rap song with that much emotional intensity before.
Sadly no, but I hear it comes with a sweet bottle opener! And you can't spell Bottle Opener without Lebron.
Is it though? All the highschoolers I knew were too broke to be using juuls. Everyone had a suorin and the only ones with juuls were drug dealers.
i feel this way is probably because i am dumb and i try my hardest to cover it up by reading lots and lots of books or you know becoming a doctor
People really spend more than $10 in an app game? I mean an actual video game I can understand but that's just...sad
Sorry you are still being messaged by ugly guys, that must be really tough, you are brave for still using the site sweatie
ive been feeling a little stressed and overwhelmed
Apologies, that distinction always slips my mind lol
And yet you're still not making me regret being a TV hodad when that was on and so missing it.
I feel this but I also sympathize with mentalcels because I’m mentally ill and it makes me feel even worse.
I'm underweight anyways, somebody hand me an English to (whatever language) translation book.
Now I see why it takes me 30 minutes extra to get home if I miss an exit.
i suppose its only natural to squeeze every half hour out of the last five days to spend the time with family making memories and with friends promising more but it feels like someone elses life in a numb way
Way to tongue punch that fart box. 👍
i just feel so ugly
Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
Makes me sad at how brain damage effects boxers so much
That last sentence pains me
Mom-emotions are always heartwarming and honest but dad-emotions make me tear up. Fuck
No! That's horrible news!..for Galaxy fans lol
I’m so sorry you are going through this. Sounds like an awful experience.
They added it back for a short time but removed it shortly after.
ive been feeling like im running on empty and fearful that ill get my usual progression of sinus infection to walking pneumonia so ive been pounding the a href http www
I’m sorry :(
i am having my usual october where things are drastically in flux where i am feeling melancholy at best and where god is asking me to step off the cliff and have faith he will provide
I mentioned it was only for three weeks. I know it’s not over yet.
i was always looking forward to to a life that just feels dull and numb
i often look back on my younger years and feel ashamed of the things i have done
Poor lady, she was the mother of a friend of my wife, and she went to school with my father in law :(
I know. Idk what to say after they say they already have one. I say oh good! And then it's awkward
i kali ni feeling aku dah bertukar jadi boring benci
so painful to watch
i feel dirty because i didn t like jane eyre and i just bigged it up in context yes but still
i needed with money that i had occasionally made me feel guilty
Marginal taxes was taught in my high school economic literacy class, it's so sad that so many people don't even understand the basics of our tax system
i have done so in hopes of being inspiring while at the same time looking for solace from people rather than god and for proof that maybe i can do something good while i feel so horrible
It was good, but not great.
i don t like feeling assaulted by a song no matter how much inspiration and integrity is backing up the blows
Still depressed but I didn't run away so it cool
oh wow never heard of that in my life sorry
I'm sorry for you... That sounds not cool :'(
I misread World Championship of Carp-fishing to be the World Championship of Cat-fishing...
The only one to really be sad about losing is [NAME] tbh
Oh god, never thought of the implications of [NAME] not selling BB-8 as mirroring her parents giving her up. That tugs the heartstrings a little bit.
[NAME] sorry it was rude not to @ you lol
Sadly they aren't in control. [NAME] is and he'll always do the worst possible thing.
It is part of the political game unfortunately.
i did not feel troubled
i feel so miserable i wish i were dead
"So, I was grading your work and someone spilled coffee on them. Sorry for the mess."
i do not feel i am damaged i can talk about it helps but i feel i am a strong person and i don t use it as a scape goat for thing that happen
There is nothing worth saying about that insipid shaving cream ad. I haven't seen it and nothing will convince me to change that.
It is funny and sad, when faced with the option to laugh or cry I choose laugh
Can you apply to some kind of help within your university? Sorry this is happening to you.
I don't know why that omni-directional treadmill in Ready Player One still isn't being mass produced.
Sorry but imma hit you with a fat (X)
I really only do this after a while if awkward silence, which may make it even more awkward tbh
i feel burdened by my goals
In my mind. I forgot everything :(
Icing on a cake of sadness.
You're mistaking a poor character for MC.
I am truly sorry, I did not realise you thought immigration had no bearing on brexit. I shall not overestimate your intellectual abilities in future, i promise.
Well at least you are honest.However unless you are an imperialist i too see no reason whatsoever to occupy Afrin,not much to gain only problems.
Why is this not 5x5? It hurts my eyes...
I can't pluck it, hurts too much. So every few days I shave a strand of hair on my chin.
You are correct. I was mistaken. My apologies. I appreciate the correction.
I know and that made me sad!
please fire this fuck head im tired of losing games because of our power play
It's hard to make friends. :( I sit alone.
Why would the landlord pay it if electric isnt included. Sorry to OP, need to cut the heat down
I know one time I mixed stuff up and posted the slashes instead of the asterisks to italicize. Oops.
I hate my life
It’s really sad to see
Until they find out oh she went underground 🙄
i wondered if i would feel a bit lost when i got to the end of the programme but at the same time i was looking forward to running to my own music and setting my own goals
Sounds awesome, but I am so out of practice I'd be embarrassed to show up lol.
If we don’t get [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], or [NAME]..... I’ll be so sad
I’m sorry. It was nothing to be angry about
I feel bad for these guys. I'd like to be able to help ex-mos in trouble.
An interesting video, though the title's lack of an Oxford comma is bothering me.
My bad, I guess I should've read the whole thing, from opiate yes
If it's anything like what happened in France, I'd assume because it disproportionately affects the poor.
How insulting . . . to Beavis and Butthead
i would have never understood or valued the meaning of a life partner if i did not feel lonely
Even if she was 25 this would have been weird and creepy af.
I know, right? What an embarrassment that local news would call that thing a "tractor".
Sad because you don't get any women?
Well that’s not what was said he said drugs that kill you sooner than your meant to die.. nicotine fits that description
As a computer science student but also a lifelong [NAME], the issues surrounding Amazon in Queens have left me substantially torn.
What a waste of money and time
one dude puked on my patio, he fell out at 2am! weak!
Sorry its such a long post guys
i was feeling awful friends before i left for my dads
I’m sorry but I don’t think you do
I’m sorry for your loss op
Papaoutai still leaves me bald.
Well, she was completely and utterly heartbroken. By my stupidity. So there's that.
i feel a little less gloomy a little more optimistic or a little better prepared to face what life throws my way
This shirt IS a problem. Get rid of it.
I agree, thanks for the help and sorry for the late response.
I definitely get that vibe from this post. Or [NAME] was friends with them and didn’t get invited to the party lmao
Do you have the car? Why didn't you get copies? What aren't you telling us?
that was such a misstep from their PR. wtf were they thinking people were expecting with a public countdown
You know I never thought I'd celebrate someone's death, but once she goes I'm going to have to try very hard to not enjoy it...
I still miss the north hills bottom dollar :(
That entire family is so embarrassing.
i say that feelings dont dull selectively
Sadly I see it being a call to party like there is no tomorrow for the vast majority.
i so needed but the feeling of not being empty
I sorry didn’t want to disrespect peep but as i said i needs to be dark and about something i like
Sorry bb :( I understand that feeling all too well, haha
Yeah and I love my dog and I'd miss my dad.
Aw poor kid. At least he has a bomb-ass name. Too bad he probably doesn't remember it anymore.
im shaking and crying right now this is so powerful
Based on her other post she's young, pregnant and possibly homeless. Looking for help and advice.
I stuck a bit of glass up there. It was a pane in the ass.
I'm really worried :( I sent a DM to them, I hope they will be okay...
The one coach I didn't want to lose, but with a new offense coming in, not a move i'm entirely shocked by.
i was feeling very crappy and it was going down hill the entire week
Oh my gosh, my Dodger blue heart goes out to yours and your family. I am so sorry.
Overall I'm 'gifted' but my processing speed is still below average
The only flight delay I’ve had at slc is because there was too much rain at lax
I have over 120 hours of play time and only have like 27 achievements 🤤😭
PLEASE leave my Mother out of this!
That's how I apologize to carists, too
Came on her face and she told you? Wow disrespect. Either she didn't know how you really felt or didn't care. Sorry about your luck
This guy doesn’t know how to life...
Man hope he recovers fast. Looked really painful
Frinkiac not working for you?
No she does not, not alone and not during sex(sadly)
Sorry to burst your bubble, but winners write history and since leave won ... */dodges incoming tomato*
So jealous lol we don't get to enjoy in TN :(
i feel low just thinking about my motherland gives me a fresh boost of energy
They're upset because, if the slime that makes 4chan stink were to congeal into a person, it would be [NAME].
i feel humiliated by the person who phoned
please don’t make me have to bring up fire emblem in trader joe’s again i can never go back
i think about it how harmless that insect is i feel pathetic to be so overpowered by fear
im gonna make you feel just as worthless as you did a few years ago im going to make sure you remember how bad people spoke to you or treated you especially when you needed them
im feeling so jaded right now
Omg I'm so dumb I didn't even think of it like that.
And I dub thee [NAME]. An uninteresting name for an uninteresting person who has done absolutely nothing with their life.
That is extremely uncomfortable to look at.
Given [NAME] viability prior to the 2016 election, I think the viability bar is set pretty damn low.
I remember saying [NAME] messed up the timeline worse than [NAME] over a year ago
heh, I remember that commercial.. Was pretty cringy
I'm so sorry. Hang in there.
Ooooh that was a missed opportunity
Don’t let the bastards grind you down. I’m so sorry for this experience. No one deserves to be treated that way.
Dude is really nice. But I’m gonna be so upset if we ignore our huge need for a small forward again.
Saddos??? And holy heck that laughing emoji, what a disrespectful sociopath. I'm so sorry you have to deal with her.
I feel uncomfortable how we didn’t see him resurface...
i hurt so bad i feel like i am finally getting punished for thinking the way i do and feeling so damn restless
i was feeling drained before i even sat in the chair
It bothers me that he doesn’t respond to your texts. That’s weird
i feel so mush freeer and less repressed
I miss seeing us have desperate intense energy. Maybe next game
He probably got hurt making the video
i figure that if i do enough radio appearances it increases the chance that i ll get good at it someday but in anticipation it feels as though i m doomed to the eternal repetition of the futile
Got one, it's still bad dude
I once looked for my phone with my phone flash light
Breaking bad all over again
It's great, though kind of painful if you ever had dreams of writting/drawing/making a comic/game/novel it hurts a lot.
Honestly just tired of this shit, people who'd rather see us tank than push for playoffs. Literally want us to be the fucking Suns.
ive learned how to turn off all my emotions more and more and i often find myself feeling completely blank while my mother is crying continuously over my suicidalness
i feel guilty to my family my friends who made the introduction for me to that job and somehow i even feel guilty to my boss even though he fooled and lied to me
I was living for him. Now he left me. I'm not gonna live anymore.
I don't have children yet so I will just have a long conversation with my balls tonight
i could feel the gloomy london fog and the oppressive tropical heat even though i was on vacation in oregon
That weighs heavy on the heart, I’m so sorry for your loss
Great person, tough as hell, will truly be missed😢
i still feel like a tragic waste
I thought he was trolling oops
Sorry, it’s just my absolute favorite thing
i feel that she was trying to hurt me
It’s one of my worst nightmares to have skin like that...I hope that person gets actual help
His wrists are too small ☹️
Damn it, now that he's out of prison he's unqualified to work for the [NAME] administration.
Pregnancy test. No matter how old I am, I am still embarrassed.
Why are our trolls so boring :(
i always feel so unimportant so much that i always wonder if people remember my birthday
i learned i feel lonely at parties i like to plan them however if you dont stuff your feelings with food or liquor or shopping you can
You’re not going to win, so you have nothing to worry about.
Especially hard last night looking at Snapchat stories.
Work on the pitching, that was a weakness of the team last season.
You win! This made me laugh. I would have been mortified if I did that.
No it's because we're ugly, short, and ethnic
How embarrassing.
Dentist did this to me I hate it. I knew i should have waited until "it wad worse" but i didn't. I regret it
i feel so ugly and ashamed img src http s
i feel homesick nostalgia canaglia
In our society it is more shameful to pay for sex, do drugs and to gamble than to praise the death of innocent innocent victims.
Females living on Recruit difficulty. Smh
i woke up feeling crappy headache sore throat congestion but emotionally calm
i feel listless and things have been rather strained around here lately
This hurts me.
I hope that's a bug because it looks downright embarrassingly bad
I once looked at the I-95 and was hospitalised for weeks.
disappointing click of the day
> Woo that sadness out Welp, never gonna be able to have a night out on the town again without this coming up
why are other dashers such [NAME] 🤣who made y’all so upset
How sad that you think because [NAME] wants something we should no longer want it. Grow up you child. Life does not revolve around you or [NAME].
If he does still pull through on the appointment, he might be someone to schedule more with... Sorry bout your eye... Hope feel better soon...
Yeah but people are dumb and mesh everything together because thinking about specific situations is clearly too hard
i just sort of feel lame in comparison to other bloggers
Dammit, I thought I put it at the bottom. Sorry.
I'm sorry but data and facts are more important than the emotional experience of having lived through something.
There is nothing this Government could cut that wouldn't upset someone. Sorry, but weez broke.
If that mask could talk it would beg someone to end it's suffering.
Wish you did more. Sounds like she deserved worse.
I SWEAR I DIDNT MEAN TO ANSWER 2 HOURS LATER FORGIVE MEEE
Yeah, my mom would tell at and hit our family dog. She was a tiny little dog too. :(
It was never implied as such. You simply mistakenly interpreted it that way.
That’s depressing
i feel so horrendously ugly these days
i continued to feel very submissive and continued to be aroused as well
Been there, done that. Not the best idea unfortunately. Especially if it doesn't work. Gets awkward
Sadly that's probably the worst game I've ever seen [NAME] play.
Eh, loser. It’s sad how some people don’t care about their relatives.
i feel discouraged and beaten down i do better when i can pray about it obviously and then call my mama and friends
Sorry, I misread
i respect his privacy so i wont divulge details of our chat but it got me thinking about the notion of home coz i was feeling a little homesick in the morning and here i was with a total stranger a few thousand miles from singapore but i actually felt at home
i do feel more isolated since i started working
i have been feeling so drained like there is no strength left inside of me to fulfill the simplest of tasks
My bad I just realized it, I’m 31M and she’s 31F
Because love is a lie and there is no happiness in the world
im feeling terrible i couldnt feel worse
It could be worse. We could get [NAME] or that Philly traitor [NAME] back.
Oh my gosh!!!!!! 😂 you poor thing! Thanks for sharing!
Its weird because I didn’t say “house cat” I just said “cat” yet you felt the need to correct me.
Oh man, there isn't enough popcorn to enjoy this.
i know that i shouldnt have run around with his dirty socks on a stick like a flag for our friends to see no matter how angry or hurt i was feeling about the dirty laundry that he left me
It developed because of my childhood and robbed me of a good bit of good stuff as an adult.
Sorry, not from her. But from family and friends. We were open to each other about everything.
Oh. Much less exciting than the edit. We live inside the fungus.
i honestly believe those darker days are the reason i push so hard to be someone of worth in my future i feel it is my duty to make up for all the time i lost
I did too. A shame, because it looks to be a good movie otherwise.
I was born in ‘98 so I feel like your ‘98 loss is my ‘09 loss.
nah he was pretty mediocre at A&M
Yea idk what to tell ya man sorry. Not sure why it’s doing that
Same. But the 21 point lead drew me in.......who knew you can lose by double digits leading by that much.
i woke up this morning with a cold and have been feeling groggy all morning but that didnt stop my sister and her husband from leaving me to babysit all day quite annoyed i kept it too myself and stayed in chill mode
i am feeling a bit groggy today
Thanks for this gootecks but unfortunately this sub is a bunch of casuals that won't appreciate it, I'll see you in the SF sub
I'm too late to rub this into all the casual's faces. :(
i think i still will be when they arrive and that makes me stress and makes me feel so unhappy
im more scared of like dramas or thrillers that are actually capable of happening and so leave me feeling disturbed i
I’m actually not! From USA, sadly. 🙃 Edited to add: unless you didn’t mean me, then I apologize!
Apologies, I should have been more specific. Where abouts is JD?
Did a lousy job, my dishes are still dirty.
i feel like im waiting for her to get heartbroken all over again
ah dang sorry. in that case idk.
Please no hate it’s my first post bro please
They could have checkmated the "journalists" and avoided this situation by saying they decided to switch to only pay for quality journalistic work.
i feel like the truth is that to him it just wasnt working out he lost patience with me and he felt he would be better off by not trying to please me
Didn’t mean to offend, sorry if I did. I’m a firm believer in less glass( phones) and more flesh/blood.
I think [NAME] is starting to get too much blame, everybody on the roster sucks with the exception of [NAME]
Right there with you! Unladylike was so depressing, I couldn't keep listening to it.
This team is fucking embarrassing.
Falling for such low quality bait
The one that is a sentient being; the one that's most affected.
Yup, lost a whole train station inside of their houses. Great loss
Shame Saints aren't even going to get a LBP out of this game, feels like that's the minimum deserved
i got a bump and a bald spot. i feel dumb <3
i have found myself a lot lately i feel discouraged about many things in life
[NAME] lost her guitar canonically
i feel devastated right now
i feel bad about school
My grandmother-in-law does this. I’m sorry to anyone in the Va Beach area.
i feel the melancholy running my veins as well
It's almost a shame we won't get a second leave/remain referendum because it would be fascinating to see the result.
Going to get hard for everyone after brexit
I'm very sorry for u, they should treat you like royalty not a fleshlight
i don t feel depressed because i m missing out on all my american traditions or commodities
It is sad they didn't have a 4k highspeed camera running on this... I feel like the world lost an amazing possibility
i feel like i ve gone a bit dull and they all agree that s the beauty of real friends they tell you when you re being stupid
omg, id cry if this was my store
The Broadway store was popular too. I get that it's regulated now but it's a shame.
I'm disappointed by him not bragging about his 99 level atheism.
Oh, I see. I must have mis-read that. I am sorry.
i feel very disturbed now thanks to this psychopath s useless and fake story
I hope she will. I will regret it until she does and even after that I may still regret all I did.
I had some pretty bad diarrhea right after the game. It's was more enjoyable than that loss.
Mrs.Frizzle has found herself on hard times.
i have never spent that much on any cosmetic product before and i feel foolish for doing so but i love the way this stuff feels on my skin
In my few years playing I never knew this ... I feel so lost now
I saw your missing post and hoped you found your baby! I'm sorry for your heartache
A UBI has to be sustainable. Taxing something to reduce its use and funneling that money into something people would depend on is absolute stupidity.
Was at the game yesterday and at the game now. It's a miserable gong show. Why do I keep doing this to myself?
Poor horse, must have hurt a lot.
She already had a child protection worker. It wasn’t her first rodeo sadly.
But...but...I just bought a new gun in Fallout '76.....and America is the centre of the universe!! :'(
I was looking forward to seeing the new predator, this (the concept, not the spoiler) would have made me dissapointed, yet intrigued
i sure hope it helps im tired of feeling so lousy
ive struggled with feeling inadequate or subpar in various areas of my life and i know i always will
I'm kind of struggling tonight. Bored, lonely... man
You poor poor fellow
It worries me that there are people that miss the meaning of a subject by so much. Your critical thinking skills sadden me.
i would pay not to feel so isolated by this
I'm nauseous
My bad sorry, what I meant to say is ‘for our winning season’ not ‘in our’.
i thought we were going to talk and try and work at things so i was shocked to find out steve had decided he wanted to be on his own the thing that broke me was the feeling of been unloved
OMG are you serious? Do you know what episode? That's horrendous! I'm really disappointed in [NAME] on that one.
Well he hasn’t dont anything good ever. So sorry I’m not very excited about this trade.
I thought it was going to cut to them still trying to get it out of its mouth! When the kid was holding it again I lost it
i figure my family loves us no matter what but around anyone else i feel embarrassed when michelle goes ballistic
missed a good chance to copy the one the UNC football player wrote a few years ago for an A-
A the_donald poster trying to pass as a human being has to be one of the saddest things I've ever seen.
Worst winter ever :(
I'm ashamed it took me a while to get it
Shit, I guess I accidentally bought a Pay-Per-View boxing match
A lack of the romantic partner is the stressful situation in my life.
My comment provided shame. I am nothing.
Your life must be miserable. That's sad somehow
This makes me wanna die
I'm upset that there's no sexual subtext between [NAME] and [NAME] in the new Super Mario game
i feel lonely so unbearably crushingly lonely you are not the only one a href http creativeliar
Sorry, "semi". Happy?
That's awful. I'm sorry that you had that experience, but yeah, mission accomplished, sorta.
You fruitcart, you oughta be ashamed of knowing that, let alone expecting anyone else to know.
Damn, but I’d miss my mother. Then again she’d be all happy in her heaven. The rest of us can party.
Kinda sad if that's what you got out of the ad lol
Ah i wish i would’ve come across one! Just left though Unfortunately :( in Manchester now
Just try the free trial. I got bored of it in 4 hours, so no buy for me.
i feel awful about missing school
i am a year later heavier than ive ever been i gained back that lbs in the weeks i was pregnant trying to sort out feelings for my troubled marriage missing my hearts dream of dance wondering if ill ever want more kids again and if that makes me a horrible person
Unfortunately no one usually fights for their rights without a martyr
i remember feeling very very disturbed by the images
i feel is that i cant get far enough away from what feeds melancholy for long enough that it would just wither and die off
I'm sensitive! :'(
i start to feel ugly unloved poor and unhappy
+1 Thought I had depression, turns out I just wasn’t being happy enough! Who’da thunk it.
RIP [NAME], you were a sweet girl. It's been over 10 years but I still miss you.
I’m just glad to finally see something truly cringy in a while
I'm sorry man sounds bad
i also find that during those times when i feel victimized by his loss i dont feel him near me at all
I won't even reply anymore. That radio silence mid convo really gets on my nerves.
i feel slightly emotional watching it
ive posted a blog and i feel like thats unfortunate
Oh man, sorry to hear you’re feeling so alone. I’m feeling the same right now.
i feel guilty leaving an f
Didn't really help who the Master is but [NAME] will lose his damn mind. We video game worlds now.
Sorry, I mean that closing the carried interest loophole would raise $18 billion over ten years according to the NY Times. I mistyped.
I just want to die. I don't want to keep trying.
Her face oddly looks way narrower in this picture.
i am feeling abused for having wasted hundreds of dollars a year in subsidization for this crap and though im not sure whether or not im mad as hell im surely not going to be taking it anymore
PD would probably get us [NAME] so we would all get pump faked until you realize he got the wrong one. Exhibit A [NAME] -_-
Ay just like my life *whips whilst sobbing
i didnt usually feel quite so hated at this hour of the morning
Well unless you have an audio recording, people are gonna struggle to diagnose it for you any further I’m sorry.
Don’t know how I missed that
I never used the word mean. Chill. I said weak and it is. Its sad aswell.
I can’t work, wish I could. Worked hard my whole life and lost literally everything a few years ago. 20 years down the drain.
i feel pretty pathetic right now
Do You Realize, by The Flaming Lips. But it's not really ruined because we ended/still are on good terms. It just kinda makes my heart feel heavy.
no job security and your prospects for future employment are severely hurt
Sad truth is you cant run away from who you are no matter how hard you try :(
I know right I was very disappointed when I saw who it was
[NAME] didn't contribute anything! [NAME] or [NAME], please come back. At they least you do something on the court!
Oooooffff. That's real awkward, but I mean that somehow still ended better than I expected so.. Kudos ig??
i just have to allow myself to loosen up a bit so i don t feel too stressed and restricted by myself
i have been feeling very discouraged the last few weeks
So happy for [NAME]. So sad he's not here. Imagine this team with [NAME] instead of [NAME]. Ugh.
Pls not granny :(
i had moved to my own little flat in london and i was struggling to look after myself which made me feel really useless
Sorry then?
It involves a relationship with a girl so I need a girls input, sorry I’m not sexist or anything.
I’m in my second year. Still closeted. Still uncomfortable with my body and sexuality. Still socially awkward.
Nope, they still left even though they knew I was going through a rough patch :)
*Can I Haz Gold?* Don't actually please don't spend your money on crap like that.
i just focus on my sermon itself and think about all of the research and writing and practicing that lies ahead of me i feel burdened
I was assaulted by my father once too. Please don’t hate yourself, it was not your fault. It was his doing.
d'oh, my bad 😔
omg that's gonna be a hell of a reunion as well
i feel idiotic and wierd in this class
Weird that it wasn't included in the article.
Damn didn’t see it sorry
The new movie doesnt even look very good honestly
i started thinking about all the times that people were jerks and there was nothing really that i could do except go home write unsatisfying angry complaints into the internetsphere and generally feel helpless marginalized and disregarded by society
Yet, his recoveries on attacks are abysmal.
i must be really feeling shitty if im sinking down to that level
Tried to ride the Overwatch train and crashed miserably.
Im definitely gonna check the bushes around the burn where everyone throws their targets from now on. Im not over it i feel bad man.
Damn! I hadn’t heard about the eBay stuff.
i feel bad for anyone who has ever had to watch a game with me
>![NAME]. Apologies to the Hiyoko Best Girl gang but I could never get myself to like her...!<
You're probably right and how terrible of them, if so. Poor [NAME].
i do however feel a tinge of regret now that i know how its damaged my abilities to breast feed
No one loves you. Cry more.
i go to pt i feel like a defective bum
Nah it's not that, [NAME] is just boring and sad
i spent two weeks in zombie mode then two weeks feeling all my feelings again after being numb for so long
2 years down the road (that is, now) every Uber driver complaining about how they re exploited and blackmailed and can't make ends meet.
I've spent too much of my life being angry at the Jets, just gotta roll with it now.
Meh, the liga that we all knew and loved went away when [NAME] fled to Italy
i feel like i should go for a run to expend all this idiotic energy but iv decided to do some homework now instead and store the energy for a social event im going to this evening
[NAME] is a sensitive topic for me, so when she is brought up, sometimes I just go on a little tangent. My apologies.
sorry mr brolobo
I remember that one. It was so painful to watch
i feel groggy but ok get up and leave the house with a luxurious baby free day in the office ahead of me
i can t fix this and am anticipating feeling humiliated when i see workmates and friends
That game hurt.
Unfortunately they do at times, but it's not the case in this video.
Shamelessly stolen from Three Flavours Cornetto Posting
i am full of feeling not empty
Unnecessary. This was painfully obvious
I’m so sorry. Hang in there it’ll get easier.
I am sorry but you have to accept your reality. Thare ain’t nobody here who can help you on this problem. Just call 병무청 ASAP
i havent gone a week without exaggerated eyelids since year at school i feel pretty fucking shitty
Wow. I thought the antivaxxers couldn't get any lower. Boy was I super wrong.
You look like a failed attempt to gene splice [NAME] and [NAME] DNA
I high key thought this same thing then it was sad boy hours when I broke things up
i didnt feel so stupid then but a still little bit ignorant compared with the native african healers who have been using this for over a century
Some fragile egos seem very upset at the ad. womp, womp.
I used to love watching movie reviews and video essays. But it’s seems like I can’t enjoy anything anymore
Been saying this shit for years. Sorry not sorry
i sooooo understand feeling like an ugly brown pair of shoes in a world of designer tuxedos complete with diamond cufflinks
I think I met you. Sorry if I was a bit standoffish.
I'm so sorry that [NAME] has convinced you that his insane aggression isn't important.
Kid has a disease/condition where his skin falls off at the slightest touch
i say nothing then i my feelings are hurt i feel uncomfortable and direspected
I feel so guilty that this picture exists. I feel like I need to donate to charity after this.
My knees, I had to quit running because they got so bad. Even hiking starts hurting after awhile, especially on long downhills Also glasses and deep voices
Death treats are for immature people, I'm sorry you received them. Comparing you to flat earthers is not far off though.
i didn t feel like doing much chris and i mostly just took too many pictures of unimportant stuff
Bruh, I’ve been getting this tough love since I was 18. Hence the dusty balls.
Yep, it was faked. Too bad, too
i know that i should feel some sort of melancholy but i don t
i was feeling beaten up by life yesterday you see i am in love with a schizofrenic man who i had to kick out of my house for having boisterous fights with himself
i feel all of this just from her eyes not from her touch or from her words but from her eyes i know that i can assuredly return this love and know that it shall not be in vain
Please don’t marry this man-child.
i wouldn t throw it in the ocean but i don t feel i would have missed something in my career if i don t win an oscar
Considering the whining he did in our modmail, he may not realize this.
I just wanted my knees to stop hurting
Sadly, I don't even think its that the Chargers aren't prepared its that the Patriots are good at game prep.
[NAME] as Manly's top try scorer is pathetically bad.
i feel awkward because i have a grown child of my own but at the same time i try to place myself in their shoes and when i do that i realize i would do the same for my child no matter the age
he'll be hurt next year too
I hope [NAME] does get a new devil trigger. I’m sorry but seeing the same one repeatedly has gotten old.
Sorry, but isn't this a little too obvious? As the old saying, the early bird catches the worm.
Yikes - I'm so sorry things fell apart for you and imposing a sudden hierarchy on you like that was completely crappy on their part.
Scotland aren’t the best team to compare against. On their day the could debatably beat NZ on a bad day they lose to America
I've never been more disturbed by a dog
i want to avoid feeling disliked
If I’d know about his kin shit I would have never been friends with him in the first place
i feel embarrassed looking at wedding dresses
i understand and appreciate the concern for safety i feel that the real focus of the market the vendors has been ignored
Shit, I wish I had your skin and those blackheads. I’m 38 and still get acne and have scars!
Even if you think me and him aren't soulmates, youve gotta be pretty sad to think soulmates don't exist.
I'm sorry [NAME]. I won't do it again.
I never thought it was at the same moment, but sometimes after [NAME] sacrifice... sounds logical
I was trying to make a friend that was being a douche jealous by telling him I was having a 3 some. Accidentally messaged it to my father.
This sounds familiar. But no it will be [NAME] fault. She MADE [NAME] hurt you for the greater good. /s
I'm...not going to let him see me cry.
I miss you [NAME] 😢😭
Not really, every other post is summit doing something. Gets boring.
In my day I had to wait 20 minutes for the internet to load a single porn pic. But man I miss that dial up sound
That kid has the face of a douchebag
i care about but i feel unimportant to because they have their shit together enough so that they dont need me anymore
hate to say it but nobody outside of saskatchewan has heard of [NAME] either
I put "haha" after everything I say because I'm insecure
Occupation badges are dumb and I’m sad they made the transition to OCP.
The part where he carries her to the car had me howling! Poor guy was stumbling with the weight he obviously couldn’t handle
I'm so disappointed you didn't include [NAME] "I'm standing under the source of the bull shit" [NAME]
I really don't think healthy people with no other emotional issues regret having their kids.
My bad. I typo'd. It should have said "how".
This reply made me giggle. Sorry you got hit by a moron! Hope your car is repairable!
Ouch, that hurts, would've won without the injury
Where did you hear this? Sorry I never heard of this and I'm kinda interested now
Bro, highmountain looking sick
i feel horrible because i feel horrible made worse by the fact that i havent gotten to workout
i feel that i shouldnt be his back up a rel nofollow target blank title girlfriend href http eepctqlhiafjwnrrmas
They really aren’t people. They were slavers. Civilized people should have only one answer to that sort of behaviour: violence and death.
i feel like i have been quite neglectful to my blog and am just to say that we are here alive and happy
You've been a sad boi around here for the last week straight, you'd do well to take a break.
Well this all started Wednesday. But I’ve been unhappy with my life for weeks now
you're going to relapse in two years because you have an illness that makes you use excessive amounts of things to cope with emotions..
The amount of Islamophobic media bias is disturbing.
While out at the beach for a weekend for her birthday. There was no final straw, I just wanted to.
i found myself feeling lousy which is pretty unusual for me
i am really enjoying my time here but ever since fourth of july passed and i reminisced about nyc and home i have been feeling a bit homesick
nah [NAME] ditto is a bad idea. Unless the marth is really bad he's gonna get 4 stocked quick
And I'm crying. But you're so right. Thank you.
i feel like it s boring
i feel like the people that disliked it the most
i also stop reading fashion magazine because it makes me feel ugly and fat
i didnt feel disheartened
i started to feel melancholy and uncertain and really missing my son
this is painful
i wake up feeling all beaten up and i dont feel that way right now im probably going to be tempted to do the lake again
It's sad, but yes, zero.
What a sad post. I cannot believe people actually follow their advice.
if you need to ask here with all due respect your the last person that should be on it.
I'll miss [NAME]
Such a sad way to think of life all because these people believe there's something greater than this.
im driving and i cant stop screaming i need to talk to someone in sorry
Been getting this same feeling these days.. idk what it is I just have no drive anymore maybe once the cwl comes back it’ll help
I don’t think anyone will miss me either aha
i am an infp a very strong introverted feeling person you could say i am passionately emotional about even the most insignificant of things
Sorry, your diverse, inclusive baby was aborted.
i would give you ample reasons to feel ashamed
i went to bed late last night and feel sort of groggy this morning
I miss [NAME] and [NAME]. :(
Google image him. Hes NEVER had a good haircut.
Thank you for your feedback, I was just trying to tell you my reasoning behind it sorry if I came off as angry.
Oh she dead
Can we put down weed bro? He’s faced too much suffering.
Nobody is shaming them for trying to stop article 13. Youtube is being shamed for being hypocrites.
You forgot about cats. They’re all talking about their cats.
Too bad =(
i start to feel my muscles aching and break out in cold sweat
Yeah because what we should do is continue to be an absolute embarrassment.
Any time. Sorry she is putting you through this. I hope you two figure it out soon.
Sadly I know lots of peeps that would find this dude hot. He has that LA 90’s Persian chic thing going for him
im feeling today youd think that the men had beaten me up
i just feel totally devastated
Sorry, but [NAME] doesn’t even compare to [NAME].
Missed opportunity to put [NAME]
i guess which meant or so i assume no photos no words or no other way to convey what it really feels unless you feels it yourself or khi bi t au th m i bi t th ng ng i b au i rephrase it to a bit more gloomy context unless you are hurt yourself you will never have sympathy for the hurt ones
i am fatter because the only thing in my life that can remain under my control is whether or not i get to eat peanut butter on bread when i get home from an impossible day of to first world looking yet third world feeling hell of needy and neglected little girls
I cannot sadly, good luck though.
We are sorry but the sympathy you are looking for is not available in your region.
I'm sorry you had to go through that. Though I'm glad you're out of that toxic environment now.
I was one of the best. I used to get at least 50 matches. Hair loss made me invisible all of the sudden
ive been feeling myself with a fake sense of purpose
You didn’t sell that stock did you? I am sorry i hope the company rebounds.
Realize that no girl is perfect for you if you're not perfect for her. I feel for your disappointment tho. Keep on truckin'.
Very disappointed to find out that you can’t play NCAA football on PS4. Wack.
Maybe she realized that what she did was extremely stupid so she was trying to hide her face so that her shame would somehow disappear.
It’s because their pay sucks. You get what you pay for! Edit: grammar MoFo!
im only and that most people havent exactly settled down yet but the other part of me feels like i missed my chance
i feel like he was miserable because im happy
Is the Queen movie bad? That makes me sad. I'm still watch it anyway.
I'm painfully aware of that having bought a FreeSync monitor with my Nvidia graphics card.
You must have depression and anxiety.
Will that's what that poor child was just taught. Some parents have no idea
i recently had a very ill and premature baby what can i do to feel less devastated
I'm so sorry you were bullied in a place you should have felt safe.
1 is the lie. I'm cheating because I remember this convo from last week.
Oh sorry dude, I was just looking for the WiFi password. [NAME], but I hope you stay safe
I've tried a whole lot of things, nothing has worked.
I am so sorry those kind of people make me sick
Six shots on goal for [NAME] and still nothing. This breaks my heart.
More like 11 feet up, but still painful.
i noticed in myself that there are times when i m tired of drama tired of feeling either physically mentally emotionally or spiritually exhausted and just hope to feel my normal self again
Huh.. Well that ruins it :/ At least the cats fine
I’m so very sorry that happened to you!
i get so irritated with the fact that i am a feeling emotional person but can t cope with feelings of rejection
I'm sorry my Baby [NAME] joke made you so angry.
i feel that i don t have anything to contribute to the conversation about books and that my writing is boring shallow bunk
Weird how he doesn't have to say the word review in order to spend the entire article reviewing
Sadly no, everything was thrown around the room, and everytime I rebuilt something, it would be annihilated again.
i feel that is very unfortunate that i dont own the soundtrack
i feel like this week these photos are kind of boring and uninspiring
That sounds so terrible. I'm very sorry.
i do still feel melancholy at times but that too can be chased away if i just keep my mind occupied
My bad if I just leaked /u/keypuncher and /u/ibiteyou 's Christmas card photo...
I feel a little sad for her. That she thinks the only options or something to do is having kids. Fuck her tho.
This is so sweet and it makes me so happy. But also so sad because I hate seeing families torn apart.
sadly it is ;-;
i feel even more hated
Did you hear about that old Italian chef? Sadly, he pasta way.
Great, so we know the spanish pronounciation is therefore racist and now I'm offended by it.
[NAME], feel bad for that streamer, everyone has their moments on this game, it’s understandable
i am in caretaker mode i feel disillusioned with the computer
Only Ten more minutes of watching [NAME] drop easy ass throws
I hope Dallas gets close and loses in heartbreak.
Damn. And loosing all Progress on the first Char ?
So many of Pokimane’s fans are creepy 30+ year olds. I feel so bad for her.
[NAME] is getting very unhinged I almost feel bad for him at this point
I am so terribly sorry you lost your dad to this horrendous disease. Judging by this photo, he had a terrific smile.
I know it's so amazing. Too bad all the people that hate the game haven't thought of giving it a try.
With a lot of severe brain damage after being beat back to life with an ugly stick.
i feel so inhibited in someone elses kitchen like im painting on someone elses picture
Not happy.
Crazy how quick people are to forget.
no do not destroy [NAME] pope and glorius god emperor will cry :((((
> Because I was a disgracefully gullible, immensely stupid fucking dipshit ~~was~~ *am* FTFY
Now I feel like an idiot calling it a beamer for the 15 years I played baseball.
A bad pun can be a real pick-me-up
That sucks. But you can find another SO. You can't unhave a kid.
The woman types like she isn’t a native speaker of English. Which worries me immensely.
Definitely. I cried. A lot. But if [NAME] existence has taught me anything, it’s to hold out hope!
It’s a really depressing show. Kinda like Mad Men.
I am sorry for making fun of your username, I sincerely apologize.
I’m sorry about your pup. At least between the two of them she won’t be neglected? I just feel badly for you.
America can out-lazy your ass any day.
Kid looks like he's about to cry
i feel utterly disillusioned
The school should make a list of sexual assaulters. The boys who engage in this should be shamed publicly.
im feeling a little vain today in outfit
What's worse is getting in a car that isn't yours
I just had a panic attack!
sorry this happened to you. id be sad and angry too if i worked hard on something, and someone took that away
This team was nowhere near legendary, filled with legends sure, but incredibly disappointing.
i never feel bad spending money on other people just when i spend it on myself
I’ll miss you, [NAME] Today is a sad day for our high sock loving brethren [NAME]
Sadly my boyfriend's family is the direct opposite but we'll still make it work :3
i feel very alone in part because everyone has there opinion of what is going on or not going on and sometimes i feel that if i challenge those people they will be upset with me
Honestly many of these games that they lost they didn’t even play poorly, to me they looked pretty good and just unfortunately lost the game
Sorry, I’m out of the loop- are they on this season as well? I forgot about them
Because it's straight up untrue. It's a new ce idea but anyone relying on the sentiment is going to be repeatedly disappointed.
Didnt work for me, but thanks 🙆
Yeah, the gauntlet ruins everything
And you can't really see the bottom part so that's probably small too. Really grosses me out
I just dropped out of my science class without being at school, hot damn
Why am I crying rn...
i sure feel sorry for what happened to your friend diego he was your friend right
My imaginary friend is always busy. I never get to do anything with him eigher :(
Yea we’re actually pretty efficient on offense considering our personnel. Way better than I expected. The defense is just historically bad
[NAME] is garbage in every single game he plays. He needs to be traded
I'm giving you an upvote for that perfect comeback, but I'm not happy about it!
i was asked to comment about how i feel about receiving this award and all i said was i feel very embarrassed to be here right now
The thing is, they've whipped themselves into such a rabid frenzy, literally anything less than the apocalypse is going to be a bit underwhelming.
[NAME] this is so true, sometimes i will remember it like 5 years later and still regret it
They look like great bros, sorry for your loss <3
Just an employee, just stressed that it takes so long to save 10k for example and even that is nothing ! Should of brought more bitcoins
i am never happy for the things i do have i feel so ungrateful for that
im beginning to feel isolated in the work place but i dont attribute blame to anyone or anything
I'm curious to see the difference, but sadly that's not really something you can just ask someone.
Just like how one day a magic unicorn might appear and prove us all wrong about them not existing.
i start to see it s a problem when one afternoon i feel so depressed i can t wait the one hour until my friend comes back to talk to her
They are super super awkward.
No I didn't take it that way. My apologies if my comment appeared to be taking a shot at you.
im feeling very sentimental tonight
i feel low low low just feel like i dont fail because i cant i fail because its my fault whether actually im able to do it but i just sigh its major fail fail fail
Could you make a ten hour version? I’m tired of having to replay this so often
i was in a dark moment of my life at that precise moment so each time i read her stuff the fleeting feeling of empathy for her and her triumphs was quickly succeeded by bitterness and guilty resentment towards her
People are idiots! No one should shame [NAME] for doing her job as a mom! Shame [NAME] instead for putting her kids' life in danger!
Imagine thinking like this. I feel kinda bad for them.
I have a boobs but a penis, it’s quite the embarrassment.
i feel it when i get hurt on little things
The rich are horrible, horrible people..... and yet we keep voting GOP to give them more tax breaks, the hell is wrong with us?
To be fair, the world (especially politics) has been kind of a shit show since 2016
I feel his pain. Bad dxm trips are the most terrifying thing in the moment but they're way more forgiving than bad psych trips
i feel defeated and low
Of course it bothers you. She just admitted that something inconsequential to your relationship would be a dealbreaker.
That's really sad and shocking to hear this Really embarrassed to be a human being on this earth...
i feel unwelcome or uncomfortable oh except for that time i pulled the doorknob right out of the cloest door
Yep. Tough week for [NAME]. Not shooting well, first ejection and fine, ripping out jerseys, first triple double and the DSJ drama.
I really like the hot pot at Lucky Bamboo. Their dim sum made me sad.
Sorry, but getting shot at causes an almost instinctive natural reflexive reaction to shoot back. I guess I'm just weird like that.
Rejection always hurts, even just a little. Sparing her feelings may mean she doesn't get the meaning. Be direct, kind, but direct.
i feel gloomy and i desperately seek affection
Poor [NAME]. One of the great men of our time getting destroyed by the courts. I hear he has to file for bankruptcy.
i fully understand the feeling of being beaten down wounded and bereft
Wait did he actually do this? Seems like it would be insanely disrespectful to you fellow craftsmen.
Bad luck you’re in Beckton
I know I've heard this phrase before but it's driving me crazy not remembering what it's from Please save me from my torment
i know that when i eat horribly i feel horrible
I'm so sorry. That's awful.
i feel as if i could speak volumes and be ignored
i feel quite devastated when i have to rush away sometimes
i feel is a dumb plot idea
i wish that i had listened to this album back in the day because i feel like i have missed out on so many listening opportunities it is not very often you come across an album that you like the whole way through
i do when i feel guilty a href http douevenlift
im always disappointed that no ones perceptive enough but then again if im worried about people watching me then should i feel disappointed at myself for not watching them
Nooo. Ireland will now lose those two rounds. The world is unfair
Gives me [NAME] 2005 bad memories.
The poor car.
God [NAME] can't come back fast enough. I don't know if the fans in the rest of the league realize how big his loss is
[NAME] deliver me from this nightmare I'm stuck in.
You are the parent your grandson deserves. Your daughter will regret the pain she has caused.
i’m sorry i don’t have the box with me
i was upset and feeling weepy my mom wanted me to drink a mainstream caffeinated tea that she thought would help me feel calmer and more relaxed
Have you told him you aren't 100% ok with it? It sounds like you're regretting this decision.
*All I want is to be left alone* *In my average home* *But why do I always feel* *Like I'm in the Twilight Zone?*
I’m doing married. Sorry.
This almost makes me ashamed to be Irish. As we say here, “Scarlet for your ma for having you!”
i just feel so listless and lost
Dude I have a verrrrry strong feeling the barber did that on purpose. Nowhere in the world is that an acceptable haircut. That’s fucked up
There are too many factors at play to really say that. It's still probably disappointing.
i feel i am suffering from several related factors that in regarding treatment acne less likely to remove scars left behind by proving your diet and extract
>ribs My condolences on your loss.
I’m sorry to hear you’ve been cheated on.. but you’re free ! Makes it easier for NC if they found a new FP
i don t feel like i have been shamed for my body but i have felt pressure to have a more socially acceptable body size
i do not see or feel the need to respond to any of your ludicrous questions concerning anything
I'm having a hard time understanding what exactly happened. I'm sorry you're having these problems. 🙁
Well ya but it's kinda too late for that unfortunately
Sorry, there was a little bitterness in my voice from how my father treated me. Not directed at OP. I am in the wrong.
I've had all this... except for the last part.
You and your lovable band of losers have already lost!
True. Here the mistakes has already been made. Please don't mess up for us who are looking for an alternative refuge to Israel.
damn it I was holding out for [NAME] to carry the game
i began to feel each of my senses dull until the cold black unconsciousness over came me
Please be careful with pain relievers man, I'm really sorry.
i was still feeling lousy from the cough and the side effects of chemo were finally kicking in
I'm sorry, but this has also caught my attention and I kinda want to see this screenplay.
Nice try hilary but you lost to those idiot minority
i feel all gloomy and i hate it
My wife is out for shabbos and I'm so lonely without her :(
Just did that. He ignored me and didn't respond.
Sadly the minimum wage in Virginia is only $7.25 an hour so that definitely would not be enough.
This mode is dead. Sorry :/
"We're sorry, all circuits are busy now due [NAME] lost keys, try your call again"
i am feeling very unloved
i was still feeling troubled
Its soooo cringy that I had to watch it again
This is the bus station way outside the city center and nowhere near the sea Edit: Unfortunately Turkey does lack aesthetic appeal outside Istanbul tourist areas
This has been reposted so many times the photo is degrading.
It saddens me that [NAME] legacy has become "Posterboy for edgy manchilds"
i am feeling very sentimental and i am going to miss college i am thrilled about this new upcoming adventure
This is so sad. #playdespacito
I'm a danger to myself
i feel broke inside but i wont admit cause its you i miss and its soo hard to say goodbye when it comes to this
I love it. This made me smile so much, which is a big change from [NAME] which made me cry and further increase my depression.
[NAME] Almighty. This may be the most empathetic and compassionate reddit thread I've ever seen! Who ever said drunks were mean? Terrible stereotype.
i feel as though i have a blank canvas and can pick any theme i want
It makes for awkward conversation when I ask "What's your favorite song?" And I get "I just liked the shirt" in response
im feeling rather listless today probably because of whats going on around me
i definitely remember the times i embarassed myself or regrettable actions i made from years ago
i didnt feel too groggy from the wine at a href http tartandheathered
Never. I miss the opportunity of leaving earlier than I did. That’s about it.
Actually good point, I should have asked for the source their too. It was only a rumor when I first heard. Might be wrong, sorry.
Poor thing. Her arm looked stuck in the crutch as she fell. That had to hurt
i was feeling really shitty invaded disrespected and i was not even one of the actors victims
i just do it to keep up with ian but really i feel shitty about it and wish i could just date ian
For some reason I wanted to be a bartender when I was 8. After hearing this story, makes me feel I missed out.
Aw crap you're right. Sorry I suck at names and shit
This is just a terrible joke
America.... I have done goofed!
Rape kit test from six year old migrant girl revealed DNA from 30 men.
I was suffering a delirium flu during the phantom facemask game so it’s all sorts of suffering for me.
Right. It was wasted screen time. But oh no, we couldn’t have a Snoke flash back that was 30 seconds *at most*.
2.5%? That not so great for [NAME].
Need to go middle of the road no [NAME] is going to vote for [NAME].
From his username I can tell he lives in a city close to me. I'm sorry everyone, Vermont has better to offer than the likes of him
So unsurprised by this, one of the most hated people in the music world.
Likewise, Reddit has just gotten strange recently, sorry for misinterpreting.
I’m sorry you’re going through the hurt, this shit sucks so bad.. I don’t wish this upon anyone..
i feel like i am carrying him suuuper low too
Turkey bacon is some worst processed food. Enjoy
Also not true. Germany had pervasive antisemetism long before [NAME]. Ignoring that error your argument is horrible and you should be ashamed.
Sorry, I don’t see a difference. If you are opposing people’s access to something, your opposing that thing.
Pretty sure I’ve seen this. He swings away with the harness he is wearing. Still looks painful but I think he lives
Don’t kink shame me!
I sincerely apologize...I’ll delete and please take this upvote
My inevitable famine is when I run out of pop tarts and get sad
It would hilarious, but also kind of sad.
i feel after seeing sweeney todd disturbed and disgusted are better descriptions
Breathing out like a dragon keeps me from gagging when i brush the back of my tongue
I almost felt sorry for him. Almost.
I can feel that man's feelings and I'm crying
This is a "lose in the 11th round of the shootout" type game
OMG the bra hanging out of the back of that dress is so cringe.
I actually rooted for you guys that Seahawks game, but now I feel the true pain.
I feel that nobody cares and nothing will be different because this is a total non issue for vast majority of people.
That poor kid. That is going to cause some issues for them as well down the road.
i used to walk over to my neighbors and hang out with him while he worked in his shop but i kinda got the feeling i was unwelcome
i feel like i have been screaming at a blank and very solid wall
I also relate (and regret)
Sorry it was late at night. I fixed it.
I am pleased to report that my 5 win streak was broken.
i can only feel sympathy for you if you are suffering
Ah fuck.
i feel crappy actually
We didn't win in Alvalade even when they got 7th place. We just have some sort of block there
I never understood the real harm until I started reading about childhood emotional neglect and how much it affected me. It's very common with nParents.
Sorry for your loss mate
i suspect this is a big reason why so many on screen interactions feel so fake
This is the most unathletic thing I've seen in a while.
Sorry, I’m just so hungry right now
I'm crying laughing in the cubes.
He knows he's not playing as well as he should be. By that logic [NAME] wants out so he should go too.
Reality is often disappointing -TPUSA, probably
My organs love me. I wonder how emotionally damaged a person has to be to come up with these. It's weird and sad.
I’m so sorry. <3
That's perfectly fine. I'm sorry if I offended you in any way. Have a nice day.
>he definitely doesn't value my pleasure this is very sad
Someone will actually spend their money on this too, that’s the sad part
i find myself feeling sentimental pretty much every day
My thoughts EXACTLY [NAME] looks dead.
i have been feeling so bad that he has to be coherent and deal with teenagers all week
i died would alex and matt feel regretful for not coming to visit
Poor crack baby 😥
[NAME] don’t make up only 2% of the population though. Edit: I mis-read. I’m sorry. Please ignore this comment.
I can't see a way forward, neither the government or the opposition wants no-deal or to cancel A50.
So, the cops raided my favorite massage parlor today.
Still pretty embarrasing though :p
I peed off my deck at -30 yesterday, very disappointed when it didn’t freeze before impact.
As much as I'd love to say it's mine, sadly I can't
i remember amsterdam where the circumstances were difficult and i was feeling melancholy
I'm crying.
i was a little teary and feeling a little sorry for myself
Sorry man, losing the championship after picking him up this year is a tough break
🤣🤣🤣🤣 I’m sorry for your misfortune but it’s still funny too.
i feel so horrible that you had to go through all that just because you grew up a little earlier than your friends
already exposed when h2k went 2-16. Sure they didn't have the best players, but going 2-16 means the coaching staff should also shoulder the blame.
Same, I hate myself for finding the last 4 chapters... my heart is devastated.
Missed it by 4 minutes
their is a differences between losing and being embarrassed
i feel pretty blank right now and thats good
i feel stupid or overly awkward or less than them
I'm sorry. I wish I could give you more hopeful answers.
That's one of the only times I've ever felt bad for [NAME]. He was relentless and would not let it go!
i should be rushing around packing my kit ready to fly out to gambia on tuesday but instead i am sat here feeling rather melancholy after an emotional supping a small well fairly small
I’m so sorry to hear that! 😂😂😂
Damn ive been hard on brown but he's been looking like 15-16 [NAME] this game
i don t want to go all very special episode of blossom on you but i am feeling a little melancholy about the final episode of rock
That's sad. You can be acquaintances with women. Not like you are driving them to the nail salon or something .
Humiliation on top of arrest!!!
i guess i made her feel unwelcome though i honestly didnt mean to
To the rest of the world, I would like to say, "Sorry."
Apologies, got a little carried away.
i feel like someone has literally drained all of the energy from my body
i feel pathetic because im still single
im feeling surprisingly blank about the whole thing not good not bad not happy not sad
Sorry I am foreign, and might have come across wrong. Anyways it has to happen at some stage?
Sorry to hear that, mate. Please get some professional help.
i had a recent pang of feeling ugly and that i was a failure in some way
i don t feel too gloomy or melancholic or something
I'm sorry for your loss ,[NAME]
Sorry, I laughed, not at you, but because this is so perfect and so relatable. Hope you're past it or getting past it.
I didn't believe it until I saw a video with creepy music. CREEPY. MUSIC. That's when my eyes were opened.
Depression is being sad when there's no reason to be. Losing two ws back to back now that's a reason to be sad
people voted for a wall it's a democracy. you don't always get what you want
Brother, I am in tears, [NAME], I wish I had been there.
My bad.
Wtf did I just read? That was painful
Is this the track that’s just [NAME] cat meowing but slowed down? My memory is failing me
That’s very unfortunate for the bosses. Capitalism sure does commit genocide. Ireland. India. Indonesia. Vietnam. Iraq. Should I name more?
- me when I’m definitely not fine but too embarrassed to admit it
i was feeling groggy and super tired during most of the fall we ended up staying home for thanksgiving instead of making the hour trip to see jimmys family
i did not really want to die but i wanted out of the pain that i was experiencing and that i was allowing others to experience by watching me and feeling helpless to do anything about it
i just feel pathetic holding on when theres obviously nothing for me to hold on to
The problem is that rent controls and the prevention of urban infrastructure expansion is killing city renters. Which is what most cities do.
It's likely that they don't have much, yet still make poor financial decisions.
I’m broke, dealing with my own mental illness, and immediately concerned with just keeping the peace.
Our [NAME] is going off bro. [NAME] is gonna out-Jack you off.
No no forms or anything. I was pleading with them not to go and it seemed surreal that I was being forced to go
poor [NAME] is in jail now for assassination.
Somebody should make this a smaller video to share it around, this poor kid is going through a lot.
It’s kinda sad that this made me lol.
I would but they don't make anything that fits my needs.
Pls end me
i feel disturbed inside
So sorry for your loss! I lost my cat 6 years ago in 2021 due to terminal autism. 😭😭
Wow, now I am sad
That's cause [NAME] really got his career ruined by injury.
$100 says your boyfriend is miserable.
I should've left after the first period ended. That was brutal.
i send an email and show my true feelings on an issue i do run risk of it being ignored
She was so excited, oof the comment hurt
> I’m tired of being realistic and open minded. Me too! Now it is all about being selfish and aloof. Not even kidding.
My heart is breaking for that little girl.
Sorry, every time I try a link post my post fails, I’m just doing a text post.
Ashamed of being British
i have been feeling awful
Agreed. Sadly, it's not uncommon enough, and it makes me sad because of the implications about mutual respect or the lack thereof.
lonzo can be special but teams just aren’t as patient anymore
[NAME] belongs to no one.
You're the biggest sack of shit to post here in some time.
I understand why... But it's so sad we have to lie... It breaks my heart...
Ya it’s Bamas league to lose every year
It is heated overnight at much cheaper rates. They are very well insulated.
[NAME] you sound like my father, I feel sorry for you
I dated a girl once who made a gb with her cup holder. Dropped my phone in it once
i feel rejected so i must not measure up
A lot of people call that this is only one they made her sick
This is painfully fake
Shows you that one must never underestimate the rust caused by ACL injuries
I’m not crying, you are!!! 😢
i feel stupid typing that
this is so sad Alexa play despacito
Minimum wage hurts small business more than it helps the poor.
He looked so sad when he was talking about how it feels to be getting criticised 😢.
i think sleeping more is good since ive been feeling sleep deprived all summer
Im sorry dude. Drumming Octopuss.
yup today hit me extra hard since im unemployed. i feel like im not meant to work, or meant to do anything really!
Im all for putting rapists in jail, and honestly i dont like [NAME] politically but they tried so hard to taint an innocent man in jail and thats sad
i still feel this numb feeling after an hour or so
Holy shit I was so anxious reading this. I’m so sorry
i got the guinea pigs when i lived in a tiny flat in london and was feeling pretty depressed about life
[NAME] got used to be my favorite character. This is embarrassing beyond any stretch of the imagination.
Stranger: **Compliments me** Me: I'M SORRY!!
I always cry when [NAME] is on screen.
I miss [NAME]
I bid my condolences to any player who did not experience release day action. “*Glorious battles, tooth and nail* *Noobs arrived, our matches grew stale*”
I'm sorry but are you implying that everything to the right of full-blown communism is the center?
i could feel this depressed since im always known or labelled to be happy blessed and all
screw up phrasal verb of screw INFORMAL•NORTH [NAME] completely mismanage or mishandle a situation. "I'm sorry, [NAME], I screwed up" Is a murder mishandling a situation?
I BELIEVE! I am sad that likely no one else will see it besides me...
He did get 3 stars bro😭
i feel sorry seeing my parents
i sometimes feel like the heroine who is never stressed or teary or worn out with all the hardship is pretty shallow
>It's not that I care Every reply now is you crying about being downvoted lol
i sometimes feel shitty and guilty for buying into them without actively making any choices i am about as normative you can get in terms of the fashion blogosphere
I didn't knew people can be so bad until I met a few people online.
It started to compute for me when I was “right” all the time but never ended up getting what I wanted.
i believed it was true love and feel devastated i wanted to settle down and have the whole marriage and kids thing with him
Stop attacking me
Sorry but the majority of console players will agree that he needs nerfed and nerfed hard
Sorry, what?
Why is this getting downvoted. I love Meepo so much. :(
Because we feed the shitty ones so there is no incentive to put in effort
Im sorry that I'm only able to give a single upvote for this wonderful, graphic, and accurate visualization.
i feel like the awkward outsider and start to feel homesick
Banner price is down to 100k donuts. And I still don't have enough..... (sad face)
>[NAME] Well he forgot to save me from the 'word of hella'.
i feel somehow regretful
I’m sorry. Your city blows.
Yeah probably should've chosen a better sub, but I couldn't think of one
No, they couldn’t hav- They shouldn’t have. uh...this makes me feel sick 🤕
i want to push myself to think more in terms of discipline and what is a pro goal and pro me choice and not immediately default to feeling deprived
True. You always gotta be careful. It's pretty sad actually. I feel used and abused.
I'm sorry to hear, come see me when you die.
i am feeling generally morose and didnt stop for my jamba juice today so i am going for a frappucino later
Oh no my jimmies are so rustled! Please desist your relentless banter!
I am! And I have no idea! Lol sorry. I have some of my own and I couldn't even name them to you.
Things did not go well on Eros Station...
i start feeling mournful
I’ve started the journal part! But I unfortunately need to wait until he gets more aggressive for them to act on it.
I thought it was like a fake url sorry
God damn I miss this game!
i am feeling hmmmmm melancholy
i feel a bit more inadequate in every aspect and it just breaks me down further
It's not cool that so many are going without pay and unable to make rent or buy groceries. Is a travesty that a manufactured crisis has come to this
i was feeling disillusioned
True, but I meant he has no holiday themed skin from any of those events and all his skins (volsksya included) are pretty bland sadly...
I am now sad the latest Thief was so mediocre, because the actual City the game took place in was a great little world.
Oh that’s so sad that she thinks anyone cares about her opinion
i sometimes feel that this is inadequate that my mind too often slips from focusing on god and jumps to my own selfish thoughts and the tasks at hand in the classroom
The wolves have been bad for so long that I actually did completely give up watching basketball.
Feel you pain. Stay strong
i feel horrible now as a result
This literally broke my heart
You miss the sidewalk wing massacres as well I'd bet
I lost a six pack this way once. For a good year every traffic stop became a field sobriety test.
i start feeling really lousy but figure it was pregnancy stuff
i am feeling a bit disheartened to know that there are still a lot of things that i don t understand and questions that i don t know how to do
Saaaaame. There’s too many damn podcasts, and most of them are too damn long.
My favorite pod when they are fresh & clear. Sadly, all of my recent packs look like dark brown syrup pods.
I have trouble even remembering what true happiness feels like
Yes! I was lost without subtitles on Sons of Anarchy.
>i don't feel so good (mister [NAME]). r/unexpectedspiderman
i don t look beefy even though i m older now i feel dirty i feel like no one would like me because i m no one
I felt it once, then I quickly realised I was horribly mistaken when someone better came. There's no such a thing as "the one"
i hoped she wouldnt feel disappointed if no one called
Oof, yeah sorry my dude, it came across as pro-wall to me. Probably what happened with others as well.
my soul has long been destroyed :( it’s over for us nosoulcels
Oke thats really disappointing of him. Although his thoughts are constanly changing. He used to even be an ancap at some point.
Sorry, no. We’re just going to export [NAME] to you guys.
Last couple countries that tried that got destroyed by international communists.
[NAME] why did they have to remove the OP? Her story is heartbreaking and she appears to only want some sort of comfort from the sub.
Can we get a moment of silence for the passing of the video game boy?
I've got no place else to go...
we have a "righty" complaining about "lefties" making up BS, while they make up BS... sad.
I have no friends.
Very sorry for your loss.
Leafs would have won this game if it wasn’t for that bullshit overturn.
It’s sad that some parents can’t accept some simple mistakes.
Oh, a little misunderstanding, my bad.
i get bored i get scared i feel ignored i feel happy i get silly i choke on my own words i make wishes i have dreams and i still want to believe anything can happen in this world for an ordinary girl a class profile link href http www
ive finished it i feel foolish for having put any expectations on the story when i began reading it
ive basically been cold calling companies with very little success which is why ive been feeling depressed from getting discouraged
i will try plead my case to those who may be feeling unloved and abandoned by me and those who cant empathise with my position read on
The Chargers defense looks impossibly bad
Measuring my life in semesters filled with classes that are entirely worthless but I need a $60,000 piece of paper to get a job
Last time I tried to post, my post was deleted because I didn't have enough karma, wasn't even that long ago...
Sorry this is the first time I saw it, I’ll delete it.
Friend of the younger sister of girl who was killed. She told me it was a bad acid trip. Very sad, family is holding a vigil tomorrow night.
Oh wow, I feel bad for the parents, they had no idea
_warm and fuzzy feelings..._ Damn it, I'm getting all sentimental again...
I dont go because it ends 1 of 2 ways. Either im sick or im not. I dont like either of those answers.
Umm Hmmm. Too bad [NAME] can't be reached via Ouija Board. People really need his help.
They can't even really articulate what has been so bad since [NAME] took office.
i feel very emotional down and i tried to put a strong front no matter what his instinct is always right about me being not okay
i have to visit them every after school and later i have to go tuition and i do not have the time to even study for my exam next week and i have a feeling that i am so going to fail a lot of my subjects and to be blamed for either not concentrating during class or not studying
Damn it!
Sadly, it looks like there are a ton of [NAME] in this sub
Last three times have been lost Final, won Final, lost ECF, which is insane. Just a shame that's over the course of 17 years
Oh, it’s actually its own thing. I heard goo and just assumed the worst.
I get what you mean but still that's like mixing ammonia and bleach, it's not gonna go out well.
Finally a whole season and 3 jornadas too late.
I miss him so much during the NCAA tournament.
Aw bummer. She lost her screenshot of the copy of a copy of bullshit articles handwritten in 1992. Somebody help a girl out.
I know, and the unfortunate thing is many of my friends in this area have had somewhat similar experiences with dudes who just are just total creeps.
Guess I'm seriously out of shape, I should do something about that. Maybe next week...
And that's an issue. Councils are *so* unrepresentative it hurts.
That sucks. I had to deal with something similar. Sorry you go through this.
*price hike for [NAME] only. I dropped Netflix last month because of it.
The type of gun he's holding. My bad, my joke wasn't as obvious as I thought.
Maybe you were depressed because your place was a mess.
If you have to ask you're too uncool to be allowed in.
i do a hobble to the bike rack with one bike shoe on and barefoot on the other side feeling a bit foolish but not too worried
i feel disappointed impatient frustrated with myself as a guitar player
Spoiler alert, it's terrifying and depressiong
That's really the only standard of your life, whether or not it makes liberals furious? Sad.
My family never cared enough, I wish they did...
But then you regret it because you realize you secretly liked the attention. Just bottom things.
If you really think a horror movie needs jump scares then I feel bad for you son.
i feel dirty and cheap just talking about going this far
i don t ever have to fully feel any unpleasant emotion
My husband died outside the church Damn Vampires
I am so sorry for your loss. I lost my Brother a few years back. My thoughts and heart is with you.
My whole life’s been a lie
Discuss equality, be labeled troll. Good bye. I am so disappointed. In humanity.
It's really very upsetting to have parents who dismiss this condition.
i had been taught very young that i had deserved what i got that what i was feeling was unimportant overemotional and attention seeking
I think you may just be an asshole/moron bud... sorry.
Damn it. Don't mention [NAME]. Just makes me sad thinking what could have been.
It's just sad; she was just nice and normal before she messed with her looks
Sorry for having a working brain :3
i was challenged by the clip where richard gere gives julia roberts money to buy some pretty clothes she walks into an expensive boutique in her work clothes and the condescending staff refuse to serve her and leave her feeling humiliated
Yea feel sad for that kid, that native guy is an anti [NAME] activist who destroyed his life
Sorry man. I didn’t know you were on reddit. Didn’t mean to steal your stuff! I totally would have tagged you
i don t feel like creating another religion that will cause trouble to the troubled souls of many
Sorry for your loss; this story is heartwarming.
She’s a disgusting snob.. Feel bad for the workers. :(
Hi Disappointed, I’m Dad!
Haha sorry I’m still pretty clueless about this app
i feel to be the most hated myself in this world
Then getafe should have gotten their first goal. Ref is really bad.
You are grieving a hard loss, and might benefit from some grief therapy.
Once upon a time I got banned for a whole day because of bad behavior... Oh wait that was all of us...
i thought i exhausted all emotions i held all the frustration and confusion and still here i am having so much more to give so much more to feel i look at this blank white piece of paper and i want to fill it with colours with motion but it still seems so blank
Fingerprints not [NAME] or [NAME] red is [NAME] don’t just make things up now that is sad !
That makes me super hesitant. I wouldn’t be upset if we end up with him but the last thing this team needs is raw players.
Omg sorry I just laughed out loud and also died inside for you.
i feel its gonna start aching again when the rainy season comes again next year
I'm kinda the opposite. I always look dour and sad even when I'm not...
It's funny cause OP is trying go against the mindset that most men are predators but in inadvertently reinforcing it :/ awkward.
This team will never win another super bowl with the current coaching staff. That’s my leveled emotional viewpoint
I feel bad for her, talk to her :(
i feel like quitting rugby because i am ignored
If I say 6:45 they tell me at 8:00 that they’re not coming :(
Where is you fur, human? You're a disgrace for all young generations
i would probably feel much less exhausted if i had a husband who was able to come home after work and contribute to the parenting and household tasks
i mean i am kinda feeling disturbed when subaru is close to me
I wish I could be you. Our thing is dragging on forever and I’m heartbroken af.
I’m sorry men, I have failed you. My rigidity was no match for the flaccid effort our boys showed tonight
Clearly, he had a bad Wednesday practice…
Sorry was late at night and i was in a real depression fog
That's how I used to feel but contracting oneitis added a heaping shitpile of loneliness and agony on top
why the fuck is this getting downvoted
im excited to see where this goes and at least i feel like im doing something rather than just sitting around feeling unhappy with how things are
Missed that part, but now I see where you are coming from.
ive been feeling disheartened by the young adult genre after quite a few badly written novels but this one has restored my spirit and captured my heart
Leave me alone :(
you keep telling yourself that - now go back to sleep before you embarrass yourself even more
when i had to come back from my village last christmas
I don't feel alive anymore. I don't feel anything. I'm just numb all over. All I know is I want it to stop
I'm missing the "funny" part. This is just someone killing himself.
Sorry English is not my native language. I love weed but I worry about my lungs too. What do you mean?
it's embarrassing you think that pact is an example of them getting on well together, especially considering the millions of deaths that followed
And losing to division rivals gives them the tie breaker, no? Very frustrating.
I literally teared up reading this. That poor, poor guy. He has a great attitude, but that's heartbreaking.
Being in a 3 person friend group fucking sucks sometimes m8 I feel like the least loved a lot of the time
I'm sorry to break the news to you. :(
Humans are complex beings that we don't as people still don't understand completely. That is why.
i wont lie im a little worried and nervous and i feel inadequate for the job but ill just do my best thats all my heavenly father wants of me
Came here looking for the knowitall that explains the difference. Disapointed in reddit today.
I had one of those... my cat broke it.
Cool. Would be happy to know if this worked out for you. I had wasted a bunch of time like you did and was getting frustrated.
i especially feel this way because someone who i thought was my friend rejected me and joined the clique
i was feeling especially ungrateful its just that i had no alone time to post anything
i feel a little sentimental about because i distinctly remember as a child celebrating my parents th birthdays and they seemed so
Yeah, but nobody takes McD's hamburgers seriously.
Good catch. I guess I was just remembering the shift after the first debate. That's pretty sad, tbh.
i mean memories that make me feel dirty and unworthy
> It’d make porn ~~awkward~~ awesome FTFY
sorry should clarify ... have dinner / drinks and then go our separate ways to other events that night.
[NAME] gets punched in the head and gets a penalty.
>!This really crushed my soul!<
Im so sorry
The sad part is that we are not trying to tank
Same here. It’s very hard. I really feel for you.
i feel like that when i try to try on relationship traditions that i and the people i care about get damaged
I passed the aftermath of this wreck on the other side of I-20. What a tragedy.
My misunderstanding, I thought you were questioning why people thought we needed a change.
So you'll bleed and be in pain twice that day.
Ahem. Second best NA
This actually took me a minute. I underestimate the skill and knowledge of people in this subreddit. Very good.
And the super rich are still miserable
im still feeling pretty gloomy if truth be told
i dont even know how to describe how i feel its like im sad but i can understand his decision but i cant control myself to not be mad at him
You're just upset because it accurately highlights the absurdity of the minimum wage.
I am so sorry to hear about your wife’s tragic injury.
It was weird, but there were usually just 5/6 players at each scene at most, and the rest would be usually doing other stuff.
I REALLY MISS GRIFFIN REINHART
Large weight fluctuations + a baby have caused my body to look cute in clothes -- Not so cute without them.
i feel ugly i m more inclined to wear ratty jeans and a sweatshirt than a beautiful dress though i might still wear a pair of heels around my house to boost my self esteem ever so slightly but i definitely won t bother to buy a new pair
i feel rubbish today having a bad cold and cough really isn t ideal and the thought of attempting to leave the sofa fil
How ignorant of to care about the safety and well-being of others! Shame!
Thanks!! I missed all of this.
i feel low and lost and lonely on a grey day
This made me sad
Well it didn’t work that well, I mean... they lost
That last story was absolutely beautiful and sad.
Oh good grief! Put it away, [NAME].
i strongly dislike feeling stupid which is a feeling that comes up for me at least once per day and often more frequently than that
I meant one sided comment. My bad
Poor Target didn’t make enough millions during one of the most hectic Christmas seasons I recall in almost 2 decades. Gotta save that payroll though.
i climbed a mountain and made my way to a village where the people stared at me the children looked frightened and ran away and everyone i came across asked me why i was there in such a way as to make me feel unwelcome
1:30-4:30 it’s completely dead. You sometimes get late lunch orders at 1 or early dinners but that’s it.
[NAME], the "launch more satellites or threaten to sue [NAME]" one made me lose it.
Poor fish :(
I'm glad you found your way. And even missing one day of effexor gets me sick so I feel for you
Yes, sorry reddit told me 2 times a error occured while posting this :/ Looks like it got submitted fine tho :/
My bad , thought it was the English one
If you did, then it wouldn't be an assumption. I'm entirely unconvinced that you did.
i looked down at my sweet boy hudson i knew this was my calling and that his spirit needed me at all times even when im frustrated and feel helpless and lost as a mother
[NAME] type awkwardness that some thots go nuts for.
Hi I'm an order of magnitude more awkward than you and I'm coming.
i also cried
Sadly too easy to gank. Bronze brawl 4-man notices you are split pushing, you are dead.
My childhood horse died due to twisted intestines. Very traumatizing, since he crawled over and put his head in my lap at the end.
4-25 against teams with winning records. 0-7 on Monday Night Football. The guy can't show up when it matters.
This is so cruel. I literally feel physically sick.
As if any of those words mean anything other than "give me what I want or I'll socially shame you!"
Posts like this depress me severely. I pray to [NAME] my kids don't live with me until they are almost 30.
I apologize for doubting you.
I don’t even try to make shots like this myself. So I gotta watch other people make them.
Sadly it happens randomly and I wouldn't want to lie to someone for money if the thoughts didn't appear.
i walked away from those years believing it was that i didnt want to ever make other people feel like they were as worthless as i often felt
i cannot help but feel that my life is a series of not so unpleasant accidents stumbling about trying to do the right thing
they have died here in canada
i dont think thats what ill do because i feel its just really awkward
Miami is supposed to have beautiful people, but these camera shots of the crowd sure as hell aren't showing them.
Lol seriously. I mean Vardos was really cool but other than that the story was so bland and predictable.
i feel like such a lame person but sigh i just don t know what to do i m so damn shy
Yes. I hate everything that has to do with my depression.
And now I regret not applying when they opened one in my town even more now. Good times.
i follow through with the feelings that have been repressed for years months or days
Yeah! We should have given him justice by believing in claims with no merit! Yeah. Btw. [NAME] raped me 30 years ago! Get him!
He is holding you hostage. Sad state of affairs.
I feel personally attacked. Every time one little thing happens, part of me just collapses inside.
i am so sick of feeling worthless and useless and miserable
This is the saddest thing I've seen today
No. Going to a competitive high school was harder and more stressful than all my adult endeavors combined.
Hardly surprising. Now they also lost their coach... rip
I feel personally attacked.
Hang on so Im not allowed to stroke your dog? Thats sad.
I stand corrected, my apologies to the mods. I'd personally like to see more banned or removed but at least they handled the most egregious.
Nah, substance abuse is sad, period.
He's a garbage person. It's very disappointing. I liked him so much before.
Struggling to find :(
i feel and bruise my how was anybody to be punished
ive been feeling a little stupid because i dont know how
I never read it, but I sure remember being creeped out by this claymation version
I was so sad when they took SG1 off of Netflix. I guess it’s on Prime now? I need to rewatch that show.
Sorry that's a mistype. I mean equally irresponsible
I got second hand embarrassment so hard my face is still red after few minutes of glancing at one of those google docs.
Omg lmao. Coming from [NAME] too is super embarrassing. I can't really say I feel bad for [NAME] though, he did it to himself.
[NAME] THAT HURTS DON'T DO THAT
i had to move rooms and i just feel absolutely exhausted
*people’s ..this is awkward
Sorry the cognitive dissonance is too much for you. Why don't you go back to listening to Nickelback? It'll make you feel better :)
An accurate but depressing assessment of our political system.
That’s gotta hurt.
Those women's marches are honestly embarrasing. Most of the people there only seem to claim to be a feminist because it's trendy.
I'm so sorry
i feel vain
Welcome to the depressed group
Oh no!
i just feel really needy
Y’all some sharks. I’m really just out here trying to be hopeful for the future of my team after a heart shattering lost.
> Places of business need wider tables and open seating Open-plan Offices are a Disaster.
The internet never disappoints.
im in confuse and feeling so blank rite now
It’s oddly unsatisfying when someone beats me to saying that.
Just watching this happen upsets me ~_~
i feel even if he killed himself it was because he was agonized to that extent
I cried more here than in Star Wars.
What are you even talking about? I'm sorry you don't like [NAME], get over it.
I don't like sleeping in the couch :(
Nailed it! I'm sorry you've had to deal with it. This whole mess sounds awful.
i feel isolated unnatural yeah i feel tense unnatural yeah i feel uncaring unnatural
im just figuring these lyrics out myself so apologies if im slightly wrong but it just feels a bit fake
shouldnt be driving baked anyways. even if you think you can, gives us stoners a bad rap
Worst ending ever! I won't spoil it but this one sucked worse than the avengers last movie!
I'm sorry Mom, your child has autism, or this is a lie.
Grandmother got into an accident many years ago, and walked away with broken ribs.... it took her a couple years before she found out
Bah gawd, she is broken in half!
Sadly, I don't have insurance so unless I'm bleeding out I won't be getting medical help.
My liver CRIES watching these kids. Weeps into a warm cup of steamed milk.
Lol I’m sorry that has to be terrible if we were up 19 just to get smothered at the end.
It’s so sad that i can play all these Zelda games on my 3DS but not my Switch. I have like 12 Zelda games on my 3DS
Every time [NAME] is in one of these things, I keep remembering that Trinity Soul exists. It was not a very memorable show.
The last message was particularly painful to read
im not sure how i feel theres just that empty space you left here for me
Please tell me that [NAME] never said this.
i feel like i deserve it i should be punished i did an awful thing
That's a really good one too. I am pretty upset to learn how limited my vocabulary is
I'm so sorry for your loss. One of my favourite unisex names is [NAME].
You had a tough childhood :(
Always remember that when problems get hardcore, Pornshit will be there to Worst them.
Peeps poisoned our water supply, burned our crops, and delivered a plague unto our houses!
[NAME] has broken his brain so bad he’s turning [NAME] into [NAME]
It's so sad
It’s all good man, I missed [NAME] too. I REALLY hope we get another dream sequence with him in EP4.
ive been having breakdowns again ive been feeling depressed and for the three four days i was sticking to my old sleeping pattern i was feeling pretty great not the best but better than normal
Heh, U.S. only has a partial government right now :/
i always feel the need to break awkward silences which makes it even more awkward
I know! Or close the door of the room where the baby is sleeping? It's too sad for the poor thing to be locked inside.
And in some US states, still that range just sets off weird vibes.
>It is tailored to your viewing history. That's fairly common knowledge nowadays isn't it? Weird thing for the comic to point out.
Levels mate. Absolutely obsessed with our dominance.
...and they're gone. Didn't even get to see what they cost.
How is this any different from women who claim that all men are awful people? I'm sure you dislike it when women do that.
I missed this villain of the week feel of the show. Feels reminiscent of S1 and S2.
muh racist history! its all gone! no one will ever know about my slavery and being a traitorous vermin! help meh!
Gave ya an upvote but sadly, by reading this thread its not going to help
i only know that i feel useless and it s a nasty feeling
That's so horrible. I am so sorry that you had to endure that abuse. I hope that you have a bed that you love now.
Not really someone I despise, but definitely someone I was ashamed of.
If it’s weed I’m going to be disappointed. Can’t we all just go to the store and get it?
I hope you survive this. Losing a friend is a heavy loss
Our road still hasn’t been salted on Troy Hill
"Sad" but "true" There you go I fixed it for you.
i still feel a little bit listless but im coping with it by getting as much work done as possible to distract myself and trying not to overthink anything
i feel pathetic and the desolation is beyond consolation
Imagine the baby being retarded
What country? That sounds like a sad septic system. I'm sorry.
i am restless i feel lethargic and rudderless
i hate to feel devastated so much so that i have an unhealthy habit of suppressing my feelings
I really felt for this mother. You could tell how frustrated and exasperated she was. Glad she was there to stand up for her kids.
I'm so triggered!!!!!!! Please stop you are hurting us with your comments!?!?!?!?!?
r/UpLiftingNews Edit: I just got banned for posting this there.
Just not the right year to tank. POOR planning by the FO.
He sounded so disappointed when he realized they just wanted sex :( Poor OP!
That's a shame. Well good luck
Sorry buddy I think that one is permanently dead. :(
Let [NAME] think about his performance for this 2 week break, god that was a brutal last 5 mins
Sorry don’t follow you.
Yeah but who’s to blame when you are put into a seemingly meaningless game when all you care about is one rank. Bad system.
Why? He was always brilliant. It was such a shame he lost out to [NAME]. Things would have been very different today...
i am on the verge of tears feeling depressed unhappy useless feeling like i have wasted my life see no future with happiness in it
Well that’s sad. It might’ve been funny if it was fake.
i look down feeling alone and wantig to be that way
Sorry for late reply Rosetta is an actual name, it is different than Noctis, Rosetta doesn't hit you like a cricket bat when you hear it.
I'm sorry but did anybody else read the first paragraph and get flashbacks to My Immortal? \x45\x62ony [NAME], is that you???
i was feeling extremely shitty physically this morning
i was sitting here feeling defeated
A guy tried to do this in France after the French Revolution. Did not go well.
Ope, got a lil chuckle outta me there, sorry
i feel it my duty to help the needy vivek oberoi
[NAME] ain't all that. Sorry.
Unfortunately for me you have to be 23 or older to drive for TMC
The dude was absent in the Ohio State game... IDK I would be very worried if he was the pick.
Can't help that the president hangs out with the bottom of the barrel.
You're just lonely, dude. Don't mix that feeling with love.
im moved in ive been feeling kind of gloomy
This is so painfully 80s. I hate it.
That’s too bad, I didn’t know that.
She was a surrogate. [NAME] fucked the force which created [NAME] in schmee
I really get that, it's soooo disappointing. I hope he can make it up to you.
I was expecting the surprise birthday, not seen this twist on the sister before.
It's awesome. Sorry, I am a red-blooded male. I see a beautiful woman with a thick 10/10 body and I like it. 😎
If he saw it as something regrettable and possibly embarrassing, and has grown, eh. We all have something embarrassing in our past.
The EPA allowed DuPont to use a chemical that literally kills people in their nonstick pans. They can be bought too unfortunately.
i social and dreaming about things that make you feel so melancholy
sorry fam, but this is a repost on this sub as well.
Don't cry for me, Argentina.
The amount of empty seats at the Orange Bowl was pretty bad
Well, you stopped coming on CV. Now I am left alone to fend off Agent debaters.
Don't forget about the flooding in Houston. :/
i wasnt going to make this about what i cant eat and feel like i was suffering or giving anything up i was going to make this about what i was going to gain and what i could eat
But still, crying "castrate all pedophiles" because they could be potential rapists is like crying "kill all men, they are all potential rapists."
I regret this knowledge, give me back my ignorance damn it!
Incels dont get laid regardless of age limits. Sorry dude
And there I was blaming the poor black lads
I'm literally in tears right now. Everything you said is true oh my godddddddddddddd.
[NAME], too. [NAME] is very guilty of this.
i have a nagging feeling of discontent
More like I was raised in Asia but go off. I’m not gonna bother arguing with trumpie lmao.
i think i should tell him how i feel the moment i see him looking for something dumb to do
So sorry about your loss. It's so heart wrenching xoxox
Sadly this story has died down why is he bringing it back up. Just let it die.
I worry about throwing draft picks around, but a guy like that is worth it IMO.
Actually feel sorry for her. She has depression and low self esteem, this is not going to make it better.
i watch movies set in the s and s i feel pangs of melancholy
i cant help feeling exhausted
So sorry to hear about your abnormal growth. I'm now green with envy. Are there other celestial gods that can identify with existence?
Very sad. People like this are ruining Aus.
It'd be a real shame if someone killed it and stole its soul.
im feeling as though this is all pretty boring
That’s it guys, we’re racist now
Darn. I'm sorry, I didn't know that. I honestly am out of ideas and I don't know what to do.
This hit way too close to home. I’m suing for emotional damage.
Well then I feel sorry for men for being such incontrolable sexual beasts I guess. My original answer was sincere, I can't speak for others though.
From one eating disorder to another. That's not recovery that's just sad.
Wish they'd update Trapper's and Wraith's. They're so boring.
>the satisfaction of knowing how bent out of shape you're getting What a sad existence.
Why? That's not helping us win games.
i just hate to feel unhappy emotions
I’m not crying.. You’re crying!
Sorry I have to ask your age before I yell you.
oh fuck i've never been more sure we're gonna lose
You want to fix them. You can’t. This was a hard life lesson for me to learn. I also am a giant loser magnet.
Such a disappointment. Mobile games are such a shallow replacement for a full sequel. What a let down.
She might just be insecure. You do have a bit of an age difference, so she might feel like she doesn’t match up to you.
Dude. Same. That would just be... Devastating.
I watch it 4-5 times every time it comes up. I think there is something wrong with me...
aha, guilty
That awkward moment wHen someone already used shell as a pun earlier
He has never had success
I often send my female friends Love poems. Oh wait, no, no I don't, because that is super weird.
i suppose thats why i feel so melancholy about the whole thing
It didn't take me any longer than the first, and I feel uncomfortable now
It feels like it plays worse tbh
i was feeling melancholy on a cloudy rainy lonely easter sunday
I’m sorry. But, keep your respectability politics to yourself
This is a depressing r/tworedditorsonecup
I tried that. It doesn't work out very well. You become a machine.
"We lost good people on both sides"
i feel like she is more embarrassed that anything and cannot just let it go
Middle school. Puberty was rough for most of us. I was a victim and a perpetrator of a lot of stupid behavior in middle school.
I actually feel assaulted by this video.
We're not the only one that has it, but for a city of our population, we're probably one of the worse offenders.
I'm crying right now, I don't know why. Doesn't even make me feel anything.
regret unfollowing him...
True despair.
can I use I can't believe it's not butter because my boyfie doesn't make over 20k :(
I feel attacked
Interesting article, terrible author. Plagued with grammatical errors.
So basically what we have is a horribly exploitative business model meant to prey on drivers by tricking them into accepting unprofitable rides.
Please tell me you were buying something extremely embarassing!
i am feeling really weepy today i am sure i will feel better tomorrow xxx
It’s 2019 dude chill out with the gender roles Edit: it’s 2019 I’m tired sorry
Dude I don’t even know what that guys deal is, but honestly, I feel bad for him
Sorry, I meant let them know outside of class.
ive been at the lowest ive ever been feeling really shitty about myself
This comment killed me. RIP in pieces.
Its all good until that episode where [NAME] traps the bat on [NAME] head comes on and she screams bloody murder and wakes us up.
i was feeling shitty inside but never show it
I'm worried he choked to death before he could finish the sentence.
i feel disappointed for so dont say sorry dont say baby
If you hike past the 2-3 mile.mark on just about any trail you'll lose all.the Instagram hikers.
Wait until you’re at least 25 to get a tattoo. You’ll more than likely regret it otherwise.
Apparently not successfully.
the whole thing, it was just hard to describe/express given how it all happened and everything.
correct me if i’m wrong but when [NAME] eliminates [NAME], she technically has a better track record than [NAME]?? i’ll fucking cry
i do feel bad because im pretty sure im not going to be able to get the other done before we leave for vacation
Yeah I’ll take my downvotes. Just a gut feeling
i am certified via ace and i love what i do but lately i feel like a fake
i feel sorry for those who taps and feeds from others good intentions
this 'bug' has caused me countless death... i always used rifle primarily and switched to shotgun after rifle shot
Damn this is experience talking.
Sorry, didnt realize. Anyway an r/woooosh so...
I try my damndest. Hard to be sad these days when I got this guy with me
i feel sorry for those who use the ghd hair straightener it will not damage your own hair
Gold Coast seems like it would go well on paper, but turn up to the actual thing and seems strangely disappointing would be good to tell friends about though
i started to feel discouraged at the thought of being there more than one day
ive been feeling a little burdened lately wasnt sure why that was
If my team lost like that, I’d definitely be very upset. Just hard to see it.
Shit, I lost the original page. Please forgive me.
Sorry man [NAME] doesnt care about hard working [NAME]. Sad
Completely miss-wired! I never thought a kid can grow up miss-wired.
im not a political animal but i think the biggest disease this world suffers from in this day and age is the disease of people feeling unloved and i know that i can give love for a minute for an hour for a day for a month but i can give
Just a reminder in case anyone forgot that UGA got embarrassed by Texas:
The incorrect number of O's has depressed me
i feel dirty if i dont
Oh no! More non-existent performance issues to complain about!! Can't wait to be playing it while all these self-righteous gamers take their noble stands...
Yep. Two actually. Both older. Brother undiagnosed, sister diagnosed. It’s been a hellish nightmare...
McDonalds without sauce is just sad... you take away my garlic mayo and my barbecue sauce and you take away my soul
Sorry but $200 wouldn’t help. Good bye beautiful world!! I’m gonna pray to the ether god to help me :)
i can feel but i cant touch you said my love was a bit too much i wont deny it broke my heart cant find no crush so why dont you come on back home
I apologize. Wasn’t aware but thanks for letting me know.
It's not like the picture looks bad. Wait, no, I take that back immediately. I can't unsee it now too.
Seconded. 8 years and I never reached the final castle.
Sorry then. My bad. Let's hope there is no full scale war any time soon btw.
My [NAME] accuses me of cheating all the time too when I’ve been nothing but loyal. Makes me wonder if she was cheating on me too...
Who the hell has all these power tools but no hammer
i am surprised no one is feeling repressed misrepresented or offended by it
1200? I thought it was 12000! Ohhhhhhh. Dr. Now’s not going to be too happy with my weigh-in dis munt.
Sorry, sometimes I really can't tell in here.
The sad truth is that all the feelings you get are real and genuine in that moment
i would feel empty
[NAME] gave me depression because had I been left unchecked I would have bested him in hand to hand combat by age 16
Bump stocks too I guess, I can't imagine why he actually did that though, perhaps his advisors told him to do it to pander
she seem immature, playing mind games. I would be direct and if she still keeps playing games let her go. seems like an attention seeker.
Is that because it's an accurate description of the politician and he's trying to distract from his guilt?
"I suffer from a very sexy learning disability. What do I call it, [NAME]?"
His left hand is mightily fucked.
i am supposed to go about being strong when i feel so inhibited
Yeah, he knows about my mental health and how bad it cam get, we've tried all the things that have worked in the past
I know right! Lego really hurts!
Man, I miss those days. LA is pretty much dead now.
i have trouble not focusing on it not feeling it all throughout the day because i know he s suffering and i know my mom is suffering in a whole other way
Peering into the void Out of the abyss Something stirs Terrible secrets _____ Hope is lost Once it wakes [NAME] is dead
i feel rather pathetic
I want to end myself when it happens
Our 2nd unit is as bad as anybody in the NBA
I agree. She seemed to truly love [NAME] . [NAME] loves the life [NAME] provides fir him. It’s a sad situation.
There's a guy that died after he let a horse do that. He'd probably have survived if he sought medical attention sooner.
Yeah I regret ever moving to Leduc. It's one of the most backwoods, proud-to-be-ignorant communities I've ever seen.
Sorry, my phrasing was terrible. Not across the board, but eggs are definitely an example where OP was right.
At this point, it’s certain that GA isn’t happening.
[NAME] passing is worse than usual. It's alright, but god damn is it painful to watch.
Having this issue as well it really does me in
i could compare john fullbright to a lot of people to try to give you some reference points but i feel like that does him a disservice as soon as you think oh hes like fill in the blank suddenly hes not
My condolences.
Sadly the same way know people who know people and being in public. Maybe an online game with chat like league or xbox
i think she is pretty sure she is not the victim then feel really unfortunate to bobo if she is really pregnant
Youve missed everything.
i start to feel really awkward about the tubelight reflecting on the glossy paper with a picture of a red laced bra
I know, this weekend was absolute worse case scenario
Lol thats Why i lose my Games cuz i Play with bots like you. Do the World a favor and go back too minecraft Lol
And shockz isn’t? And he wouldn’t be too much of a threat for... fuck I forgot who’s on rec honestly
Bad timing for [NAME] to say this just now.
This offseason has been so upsetting
It's the lists fault!
i am feeling exhausted
this has happened to me twice...most embarrassing shit
I miss the Scottish [NAME].
What a poor woman who only wanted to tell someone what to do.
I made a severe and continuous lapse of judgement....
I'm sorry, no. The hostess was 15. I was 24. At the steakhouse, only hostess girls answered phones.
Ugh I am in this same place right now. Dating a husband whose wife calls all the shots. I feel for you.
I was so hyped after the zach shot, I'm still crying
Omg I used to do something similar?! Yeah I’ve worn so many hats and then just kicked them to the curb.
His base is too large to knock him off. Unless he gets impeached/indicted/god knows what, he’ll probably be it (sadly).
Absolutely is, sorry. I just came by to say Howdy back until I saw all the hubbah. [NAME].
I’m so sorry for your loss. It’s the smallest things that take up the biggest part of our hearts.
:o I have one too! I didn't get anything but bullied at school, though.
That guy is gonna regret losing you the rest of his life. You know why i know this? Because i am him 30 years ago.
i came home feeling depressed
i dont think my desire level is too much to bear but i feel unwelcome
I'm phobic of needles and babies so that was NOT a picture I wanted to see.
It doesn't justify singling one guy out when the whole team played bad. Even [NAME] had a bad game.
Lost my kid to the system, wanna see wha the wee lassie has tae say
I don't know why this image bothers me so much
I killed them for the first time in my most recent playthrough and regretted it. The replacement council sucks just as hard.
Hard to swallow pills. This sub is meh now
i was feeling severely beaten and whooped by the beer bat and not looking forward to be being on my unsteady feet for the duration of the show
id like to write something interesting right now but unfortunately i feel deprived of inspiration
But this is a 1v1 game with a couple thousand people playing right. There had to be a better match.
I am more of a dumbass for building a $2500 308 AR-10 for my first rifle... regret it but just not willing to sell it till this day
i feel pain or aching in can stop
I’m sorry should I have brought my make-up wipes and washed my face during my MRI? Or my ultrasound? Find some peace, man.
Bad defensive move by [NAME] there
Yep. Lots of younger generation are obsessed with their phones and emotionally rocky tend to engage in this behavior, especially women with their whole Instagram obsessions.
i should just leave him be so he could go on his merry way and so i could stop feeling like i was just unimportant to him now
My condolences.
Sad for the people who contracted measles. Angry at the parents who didn't vaccinate their kids against measles.
[NAME] I want to get that ~~monkey~~blackhawk off our back so bad.
im not sure why today i feel so horrible
i feel groggy and disoriented
They're all the same, all the ratemes are a trap. It's just sad people keep falling for them because its so obvious it genuinely hurts.
ill feel less burdened and confused sighs
There's no need for anger, but cringe and embarrassment are called for.
Hey /r/Hockey Bro! Sorry about the Sens. At least this made you smile in the dark times.
i hate falling asleep napping during the day i wake up feeling so groggy
i do feel a bit guilty about the mean things ive said about jahmene as i heard his brother committed suicide so i think that abuse by their dad must have been pretty hardcore
You basically already know the entire series for how much they've talked about it and how brazenly they spoil it.
Yes. It feels sharp and hurts in the chest sometimes. It will pass, but it freaking sucks. I'm here to listen, if you want❤
I personally like [NAME] and think he could be on the team right now, but the Org doesn't agree.
Sad. My condolences to her family.
How embarrassing.
I can do that too but I have diarrhea
i accepted his apology because i feel like he s remorseful for how he treated me
i do feel jaded very often
i say this because she never truly gets a choice or the freedom to decide what to do with her life which makes it hard not to feel like she got the less dirty end of a really shitty stick
i do feel sorry for you
i feel groggy this morning
if it wasn't him it would be someone else she's wasting her life on
I wish they didn’t hate [NAME] so much. Feels bad to play her.
i feel lame i cant help but to shake the fear and i feel like im failing samuel by being afraid
Sorry I meant the participants
I'm just an idiot on the internet. I don't know a doggam thing.
I am on month 9 post discard. The anxiety has lifted tremendously, and the depression is still looming but not as bad.
When you can't hold in years of emotional trauma anymore
> Is it weird to have more sympathy for animals than humans? It's frighteningly common, so not *weird*, but it's definitely sad
Oh god, going to a social event with someone and never leaving their side is me at almost every social event I go to.
43% on a one bedroom apartment (with a nice large balcony) in Potts Point. Sucks to be single.
Same, also no parking so they need to pull in the busy road outside my house. They must hate me.
i feel like a doll which has been abused
i miss this show so much
Someone who’s to sad and empty to care about toast... me I guess?
Yeah, sorry, I was on the mobile site, and wasn't able to delete it.
i made you feel unimportant yet you never stopped to think how your actions and words were affecting me
Because prostitutes clearly can't be raped or kidnapped. It's so horrifying that our society still believes this.
Mate, just stop. You’re being an embarrassment.
We’ve been watching OP for awhile and warned him about his posts. This one doesn’t rise to the level we warned him about.
i don t believe in my weakness he is strong i don t believe i am more than a conqueror and i feel like i m a real fake and it s not fine
I know you can’t read this, but I feel really bad and hope you learn to read soon
Oof lmao sorry buddy
i stay up and feel foolish
Reading this made me clutch my nipples in pain
[NAME], she really is my least favorite queen I drag race history. Boring, try-hard, and busted makeup.
i often feel that i m being submissive by not being open and honest about my desires and needs on a regular basis
I'm sorry you have to deal with this. My mom does the same anytime she loses something. She accuses people of stealing whatever she lost.
Being a bronco fan in NY, this podcast is the only radio I can consistently get
i shall have to stay feeling neglectful of all things art related
they're a bit expensive anyways
delusional about dread being a scam (don't know how this would work) and more of these conspiracy theories with zero proof/
For real. After I saw that, I just stopped reading. My eyes spun right out of my head.
Love everything about this city except it’s MLB team
That poor snek :’(
They hated him, because he told them the truth
Mom will get sad. [NAME] still good. Hanging out with friends still good. Money buying foodie exp is still good.
Damnit - I'm blind. It's 6am here - I should really go to sleep, but I want to see what happens next.
I keep hearing [NAME] is a terrible hire.
I’ve been hurt too many times for it all to have been for nothing
I miss rock fest 😔
Yes the achilles gave out and so did my hopes. I miss brandon :(
Oof, that's rough. :( Sorry that happened to you, mate.
i still feel terribly devastated
id have spent more time with her on reading i feel a bit guilty about that
Not surprising.
I'd be terrible at this, I eat so slow.
It didnt last long sadly
It’s ironically calling British people ugly as a meme i guess
Im really sad, and there is alot more goin on but i dont know how to tell it.
I don’t think [NAME] knocking us out of the copa would change anything. Our team is incredibly lethargic.
This spoke to my soul. I might cry 😭. I really do run away from my feelings
Idk about that, but if you were being genuine I apologize. I just don't think that is the case in this situation.
A sorry lot
i feel like since i missed out on so much school my brain is craving knowledge of any form
> Pretty much the person I love just broke up completely with me After how long?
Oh. That is unfortunate
It’s deeply bizarre.
Same. And then cried a little.
i seem to see the five years after the chinese pavilion which is the content of the exhibition on immigration but to see the plateau province in this country is treated as one country so i feel very unhappy and i think this is a national tourist attraction they point then why not prudent
Hell, no. Teenagers just aren't that interesting.
i write when i m feeling low
LUL, this is the 3rd time that Ajax has lost team on Busan. Unlucky.
i feel as if im a doomed to fail b setting myself up to think that im doomed to fail
i hope something magical happens today because im feeling kind of listless
i feel im being punished for not being able to do my dailies
In the prequels the son couldn't save the mother. Maybe things will be different this time...
Oh lord, we're about to have a hell of an offseason
They were tricked. It’s not like those politicians were being honest.
Sorry man, I have no idea either!
i have a few more of these but after taking pictures of my house i feel it is far too messy to post photos online so ill clean up a bit before i post those
i feel a perverse pride in my self control that i managed to stay where i was ordered and not reach for the tempting human flesh so close before us
Yeah I probably would've started crying on the spot. Loud, sudden and especially shrill noises are extremely *"cringey"* and uncomfortable and stressful
i tell my a little how much i hate feeling needy how i hate that moment when i know ive become too attached in my own head
Damnit, you beat me to it.
i am tired of feeling useless tired of feeling uninteresting nor funny nor smart nor beautiful nor important
Poor cat got his ass kicked by a crab, rope and broom.
i cherish the heartbreak more then the love that i lost perfectly sums up the feeling of tragic heart break which is pretty obvious by the songs title
Sorry, wrong comment train. Just gonna sneak right by ya there.
I’m broke as shit and already do that.
Mental illness. Operation on 7 people in a manic state . Four of them died. All his money was gone and his rich friends abandoned him.
That’s my favorite insult ever
i am feeling really sad
I kept hoping [NAME] would walk out and shame DG.
I miss candlestick :(
ooh man I miss OutKast. brings me back to my childhood
[NAME] voice actor by the end of the game was phenomenal. So much rage and sadness
I'll second this notion. One of the first things to go is texting when I start getting sad.
i may feel stress unhappy
Her track record is pretty shaky
That awkward moment when you fully embrace misogyny but believe homophobia is wrong.
i feel completely drained physically and mentally worn out
Shame. CLG [NAME] could've been a thing.
Can't. Prequel bad. Bearded [NAME] Man idea bad. OT era only good thing.
i think its because i feel listless
i did behave the same way when she was going through all this maybe i was the same or acted the same i don t think i did but i guess it is a matter of perception but when it happens to you you feel devastated
Cant you tell how sad she is from her face?
ive been feeling kinda crappy the last couple days so am just kind of in a blah mood
>This game is dying because toxic people like you ruin it. Speak for yourself
i know there are times where some nightmarish things may really happen to us but when dreaming bad visions just popped into our minds and have us feeling terrible
Ok I tried to search the sub... is it too late to get a flair? It won’t work for me
Living is exhausting.
i kind of wish i had come up with those thoughts myself rather than feeling the way i do now a lame disciple merely about to regurgitate eva s thoughts on to you all
I didnt see a ref's hand up, I was about to have a stroke
Unfortunately this is just as illegal as impeding traffic all over the city.
Ah, i misunderstood what he was going for, sorry my bad
i be made to feel rotten
Why are you sorry for your grandma? She did what she had to do in order to get what she had paid for.
don't know any [NAME], sorry
Two or three anti depressants before I told them a lie about how I tried my moms valium and it worked
i no longer feel depressed and am not mad or haven t yet a href http www
I *want* to like R&M but people are making it really difficult
My nuts hurt watching that second part
i feel awful
OW MY LEG!
I forgot context and thought you meant the band was republican, please don’t worry me like this again
i feel unimportant but even if i am in some way its still not my place to be making any decisions or voicing my opinions and its certainly not my place to be sharing my feelings
That's unfortunate for you.
i can t begin to express the feelings this doomed romantic vision stirred in me the seeds which grew through a lifetime
Not really, more of a toxic poverty problem. Women get overworked too.
I know it’s out of control!
I was also bullied at work. I was on lithium for a while. You're not alone.
i asked him how it felt to be under a flogger wielded by me he said it made him feel more submissive to me that he was more and more mine at least for the night
It's been deleted, we can't even see what it was now (unfortunately).
Imagine ur mom doing that I’m crying
That's so sad.
It’s pretty embarrassing to see a grown man be taken down by a dog when the man outweighs the dog by a lot lmfao
i really went to cut it i feel it s unfortunate and broken hearted
Grandmas knees are burning up
Morocco sucks, I don’t blame you for not wanting to go
I lost it when all the heroes kept going back and forth into siege range
i get the pre birthday blues when i spend or weeks feeling slightly melancholy because of all the things i havent done while my life whizzes by
I don't just cringe, I feel literal embarrassment for anyone who has watched it.
Totally forgot that, my bad
I unfortunately can not afford a lawyer. Luckily the only thing that we shared is our daughter
Ahem. There are those who think that life Has nothing left to chance A host of holy horrors To direct our aimless dance
i think of these folks when i am feeling miserable for having to acknowledge i must actually do something to make the world a better place
Well, he was until season 3, which was ironically when [NAME] made them take that test.
ive never in my life had anyone make me feel as unimportant as insignificant as you did
Alright, so I googled aaaaaaand sorry for my misinformed mistake. Dunno where I heard that [NAME] didn't win the popular vote but it was wrong :(
Their roster just doesn’t work, sadly they didn’t realize it in time.
It always upset me that [NAME] would require his only son to do this I no longer believe it
i feel a little less burdened
True Story! That's the sad Part of it...
Everybody is just temporarily embarassed millionaires
That is utterly horrifying. I'm so sorry that your kindergarten teacher was such a heartless old bat.
im tired of feeling like im worthless and like there is no future for me
Just read up on that guy, not sure he changed that much since his conversion unfortunately.
Please. Sorry.
This is just sad. So, so sad.
They're really cute but I'd never in a million years own one because they literally smell like week-old pissed on rugs.
i start feeling crappy i just have to toss this on and bam i am singing and dancing and shimmy ing my shoulders just like whitney
i can brandish this article at anyone who makes fun of me for staying in bed too late or whenever i feel tragic for staying up until
The fact this isn't a [NAME] Attorney at Law Gif about this makes me kinda sad.
i was feeling pretty rotten
Shit, they don’t go down!? That blows
Seeing as how someone was raping her, it doesn't surprise me that much that the facility would be so negligent that they wouldn't notice the pregnancy.
I miss when prequel memes was ironic
i know later when i read this ill feel regretful that ive posted such thing and ill be mad at my self
I feel shot in the heart.
[NAME] are you me? Like I was relating and then you said rot in Atlanta traffic and the pains of 285 burned into my mind.
[NAME] was pretty dumb in s7
Didn't mean to offend
Miss you...
I'm missing something
it's quite a large red flag. It depends on the context, but if they are in her dating league, I would be suspicious.
I'm so depressed
seems odd, when you guys consume much more pizza, I would say overall than us
im feeling ugly lately
i feel like a guilty sack of shit
Losing my Origin account? Oh no, how else will I play thousands of other non-shitty EA games now?
im going through some feels today and ive got to admit theyre pretty unpleasant
i read promotional emails and advertisements or listen to television commercials and dialogue in shows and movies or hear people around me in everyday life use commands such as the following examples i feel dismayed for them
i feel dirty and don t know why
That's so frustrating but I'm glad you're all safe.
i was not prepared for this
Because learning another language is cultural appropriation. This people are pathetic.
Yup. How sad is it to admit I'm jealous of the ravens run game and defense 😣
omg, poor little bean
Ugh, so misleading, and such a disappointment for those of us whose skin is the color of ACTUAL porcelain.
I apologised an very long time ago as I was wrong at this point you are beating a dead horse
Grey socks and leather sandals, that hurts me through the screen.
Of course it's going backwards, people generally don't want to acknowledge men as the people that hold society on their backs.
>For those of us who stay, there may be more unhappiness than happiness. Probably the saddest thing I ever heard.
One of the very few individuals to survive a shot to the head. Very unfortunate since he had a couple of more good years ahead of him.
i feel like they are dirty all
Thank you for saying that I just haven’t felt right and I’m so sad constantly
i can go from feeling so hopeless to so damned hopeful just from being around someone who cares and is awake
another one of those chicks sacrificing her children for a man and 'happiness'
i am less sensitive and my feelings are less easily hurt
Damn i am sad that got deleted
His interviews are so awkward
im feeling defeated or doubtful
Sucks to suck Ratbirds
The problem is your husband. If he prioritized you, he would have figured something out. I’m so sorry.
i feel pretty rotten when jake takes off down the street on his hot rod mongoose and jordan strikes out trying to chase him down like an orphan straight out of a href http en
Yeah, I understand. Sorry about that, have a nice week!
i have been feeling pretty crappy
yeah (my bad I should've mentioned this)
Both [NAME] and [NAME] were broken up, so it wasnt cheating.
Alexa play Sad!
The EU delusion:why a utopian project was always doomed to failure.
That’s what we said about 2017 and 2018 after 2016 it only got worse and it’s not gonna get any better I guarantee
I wasn't meaning it as an insult or anything, sorry if it came off that way.
I'm sorry for your loss
i try to get in at least minutes a day five days a week though i have been known to skip a workout if i m feeling particularly lethargic or lazy
i wanna scream out my feelings that i keep until it bleeds the life is sometimes prejudiced it kills happiness thus it becomes even worst feeling like the life is now meaningless why should i be the victim
I know, pain in the asses.
Thank you for your opinion. I think I’ve been improperly placing myself in the comments too much, accidentally misusing this sub.
Look at their post history, they're just spouting nonsense to get a rise out of people. Dont be the guy that falls for it, its embarassing
i feel even more empty
Wtf. And then we wonder why people think DnD players are a bunch of fucking creeps. Sucks that you had to bear witness to such sadness.
2 or 1 seed we’re still playing a bad team in the first round
They've done this before. Look the Order of the White Feather up, it was worse.
Sorry guys, I went a little far... You can read my apology post here.
Oh gosh, I'm so sorry you had to deal with that. It sounds like you handled it really well. Kids are cruel.
That didn't go the way I thought it would
Looks like you clipped my own games. It’s bad lately.
But I feel like such a tool!
i feel that this reality is tragic
it’s starting to get weird
ya shes stressed out alot. oh ok. thanks for the advice.
Sounds painful man
Sorry man, it’s gonna be really hard to find a Rose jersey anywhere that isn’t a 3XL
Very sad news for the man. Widespread travel disruption is expected for the evening commute
I'm strange as fuck, and I didn't grow up with money.
Moose is pretty underwhelming tonight, I miss JV
i feel isolated as though i am observing
Less is definitely more. That picture is just kind of forgettable old meme material. This post feels like old keyword stuffing.
Sorry to hear that, I hope you're doing better now.
Pant full of turd.
When I looked at the picture, I thought for a moment that I was looking at a junk yard.
Oh shit lol I forgot to put “ashamed.”
i mentioned in my last post i was still feeling completely exhausted on the weekend
i am feeling quite disheartened
I needed to read this because I felt so bad for this guy... I just can't imagine a long walk home in winter.
i woke up feeling listless and dehydrated from a weekend that included a strip club tackle football hours of binge drinking and a hockey game so i decided not to go to work
i ended up crying and breaking down once i got to my friends house, i'm so sorry that happened to you as well :~(
i wrote last year when i was feeling more dull and inarticulate than normal
Don't you feel embarrassed at all that your country answers to a country literally opposite of the world from yours?
It makes customers uncomfortable because we're calling them on their BS and this is the only way to get them to own up to it.
Virtually no happiness anymore, exhausted with trying, meds not working properly and just tired of it all.
i am feeling very inadequate about how to share my feelings and of how to write this blog post but i am going to give it a go and hope that it makes sense
9 to 4. That's pretty sorry.
I didn’t even realize it says it right there. Sorry
[NAME] why can I relate so much.
"Why everyone hurts me?"
[NAME] I’m so sorry sweety
Let's keep making that trade with different teams until we have all 32 picks in the 6th round one year Sorry, I'll go back to my NHL19
Understand their point of view, 13 IS too young. Imagine how they felt when they found out their innocent child was watching adult videos.
Enough already. I'm sorry that the breakup is going to be painful, but you can do much better.
All that interesting information and you get 3 upvotes , feels bad man
Idk, the Teen Mom subs are bad for this too. Really bad.
i was pregnant with emily and therefore always feeling exhausted it wasn t that hard to sleep when walter slept if i needed the extra rest
im feeling really lonely and feeling like im missing a part of myself
i feel so unimportant which im probably am
No phone, can't help....sorry?
[NAME] is often regarded as strategically the worst Lord in the series because of this. [NAME]
i normally feel kind of awkward at birthday dinner parties since theres always someone i dont know but not this time
At least you get sunny on Netflix, they took it off in Canada :(
Sorry guys, accidentally sold 10,000k
Those ads actually make me feel bad for financial advisors gouging clients with excessive fees.
I'm sorry for your loss. From the picture it looks like he had a great life if that helps
i feel im being ignored
i feel like the apothecary in romeo and juliet an unfortunate comparison perhaps
i feel when that imperfection is shamed coerced or mocked
I can hardly hear you over those goal posts moving! Ahhhh the facts! They hurt! They hurt so bad mama!
i feel humiliated said mohammed hussein a year old factory worker
5'11" [NAME]. He's basically 6 foot, so I must be missing something here.
Oh wow, I am so sorry. I hope you find someone who values you for you.
i feel a worthless maid
I would say they do because it was a horrible accident but they were also in the wrong. The military tried to get them to disperse they didnt.
**Lost** children. Issues we face today are likely fabricated from the bottom up.
I'll think about prime, just heard a lot of negative about them that spooks me some.
Too bad I do/
I live in Suiderstrand, which is past Aghulas, no option for fibre here unfortunately :(
Seeing something like this without the usual “Wii music” is so... odd
That ESPN intro made me emotional 😭
So we are really going to miss the playoffs in the same season as the 10 game win streak... THEY ARE WHO WE THOUGHT THEY WERE !
i feel like i hated them when we argue
I'm sorry for you loss man. Truly I am.
Whenever I have felt it would work. I wasn't always right but it never hurt to ask.
ive been feeling quite miserable wouldnt be lying
Sorry to hear that was all it got :/
The first half is able to run on the momentum of being stupid fun, the second half falls apart really quick.
ill be darned if i will feel shamed for caring about the blogging community
“We only let him jump around for 12 hours a day!” Wow. I’m so sorry this is happening to you.
That's the death mark, Looks like you've been chosen for sacrifice. Sorry bud
That trade turned out to be a complete disaster for us. Too bad.
Oh no the poor man
Bro we got destroyed last time, we’re due for a heartbreaking missed field goal or extremely ill-timed turnover
i know how i sound and i feel lousy about myself for sounding that way and for feeling the way i sound but i made a good contribution at work today and now the chip is on my shoulder when i think about the mistreatment that i have received
i feel like she shouldnt have blamed him for it but she did and she never forgave him
> Then and only then might you receive ~~a tip~~ **whatever change we have leftover from our grand expenses.**” FTFY. Sadly.
Me thinks this crosses the line of dignity. Makes me sad. It’s one thing to expose things but another to mock it.
im feeling a little less disheartened about it
Unfortunately on my end, it’s only pecks during sex. Pretty boring. Never open mouthed or anything like that.
It’s nice to know that no one cares enough to send me either.
it's a damn shame.
i feel i hated you despised you yet you can make me happy even when i was sad in a matter of minutes
i had a good sleep believe it or not but still woke up feeling groggy and out of sorts
There is no way around it :(
i feel pretty lame all together so i will stop here and share a bit more of my fudgy mediocre doodles
Orange fan sad. :(
See, I missed it completey, so they must have glossed over it fast.
In foreign policy terms we're no better than Russia. We're guilty of everything they are.
Wow. Racists are really coming out of the woodwork to excuse and defend racism. How sad.
i feel as if i am completely worthless
i only ever wanted to make him happy and he made me feel so stupid
> Literally no one cares if you stay or go, Funny you should say that...
it sounds like a huge pain in the ass to use compared to current systems in place though.
This has happened to me with the girls I tried to connect with irl as well as FA "lonely" girls from this very sub
> If you have a point - make it. I did, I'm sorry you missed it.
This team is so untalented.
😥 I feel so sorry. He'd be proud of you. *Hugs*
as a woman, I can tell ya it’s not uncommon for that to happen, haha. [NAME] make it extra sad though.
Dammit, [NAME]! You're only hurting hardworking doggos with this shutdown!
This made me incredibly happy and incredibly sad. Sometimes this universe robs us of the wrong people.
i have found both in my own life and from coaching hundreds of people during the past years that one of the main things that makes it hard for us to make good decisions is our feelings especially the unpleasant ones such as sadness rejection fear etc
i was made to feel that i was damaged and not good or giving enough when in reality nothing is ever enough
It's hard to care about a woman dying from giving birth when you hate women in the first place.
Immigrant children dying in state camps? Horrible. Healthcare for the poor and eldery? Also horrible! Got it.
Well the three games is all we have to go off of, and he was bad.
> They are all one entity with the same goals. Agreed, sadly.
What a cringeworthy load of kak this is. Wow I have no words.
That is profoundly messed up.
There’s a big difference between “I felt bad for her but there was nothing I could do” and “not my problem.”
I really need to stop taking my guns fishing with me. I keep losing them!!! :(
I almost feel sorry for the poor fellow because, to me, the fingers still look abnormally stubby
i am not sure if anyone at all can understand how i feel toward them but i almost feel like one of those troubled teens they often have on maury
i feel damn lame hahahahahha
i don't really feel comfortable posting there. i dont really have much reason to
The fact someone could read your post and literally go and do this saddens me.
Getting tougher to make those mortgage **and** car payments.
I know, sorry! I didn't want to translate some parts but I thought I had to
of course not, [NAME] and [NAME] were great friends and anyway, he's been dead since 2016.
Gangs shooting each other on the streets is not the same as a crazy person going into a school and kill a bunch of innocent kids with an assault rifle.
It's hard for me to switch between english and spanish in the same sentence, sorry I'll try to improve in the future
i feel like as much as it was an unfortunate situation that i wasnt with my father i was in a great place
Poor cat.
i feel ignored even if that ignoring is something i asked for specifically
That’s what I meant, sorry bout that. Never fold AKs pre
Hard to follow after reading his post history. Says he is divorced...
Oop my bad
😂 Poor kitty.💗 I can hear that howl and see that face! You betrayed her! 😛
he stopped talking to me 🤷🏼‍♀️
time to stop concerning yourself with brexiteers and start worrying about what went so wrong in the EU before more countries decide to depart
No faith! Shame!
I read it on NRK as well. Brought tears to my eyes.
This is really scary. The saddest about this is i really think it will be possible quite soon. :(
It's too bad they don't use that gorgeous high altar.
Sad but true
Totes! I love walking round and round and round in circles all afternoon and still not finding the store I need.
I’m sorry Mr. [NAME]
Oh, that's horrible. My condolences.
FUCKACTIVISION THEY RUIN EVERYTHING
She just missed her shot at a champagne douche.
i have days weeks when i feel a little deprived
Guys help I can’t stop playing it, my hands are in so much pain!
i feel the depths of sorrow and suffering in love because i have felt its heights of joy and goodness
Are you my coworker? I swear my boss will randomly scream and its embarrassing.
Yea but I hate existing, it’s nothing but sadness
I miss their 100 Octane petrol...
Sounds pretty typical from Toyota really. Been hearing the same story from too many people. Sad really because they were always the best.
I'd just feel less out of place, I guess. My SA makes me feel like I'm so behind my peers in terms of a social life
i feel like im facing alone my love hes gone
I’m sorry
Is it wrong that I've been really disappointed that I haven't gotten to try out my new snowblower? :-/
Is it weird that my first thought was "at least it's not a Minion?"
im a year old boy who is feeling hopeless
i feel when ever i listen to the msm main stream media deprived
"PPG Paints" arena or whatever it's called now is worse
Definitely not the norm in KY or other bible belt states, sadly. My extended family looks upon my CF lifestyle with nothing but bingo's.
Nah no one can help me
Im sorry, my autocorret happened. But i think you can read between the lines? Or maybe just go full r*** :)
Actually made me feel worse. Kids are always back there, death would have been guaranteed had they any.
I'm so sorry
Sorry I should have said army.
And unfortunately videos like this act as a constant reminder that most people are complete dumbasses. Sad really.
Apologies. My point still stands. A .8% lead is an insignificant majority at best. Saying one demograohic is most of the population is a bit misleading
He was cut yesterday, unfortunately
I think it's even sadder to go through someone's Reddit account looking for stuff like this to post.
i feel a little stressed and lost just waiting for an idea to come
NO GOD NOOOO!
i feel like youre ashamed to be seen with me in public because im bigger than you
The worst part is the character in the image behind it is great and this just hurts to read in his voice.
That is so sad. So your sisters got to ruin their bodies and forego a career? Yikes.
i ached so bad the bones in my toes hurt to walk and i swear i could feel my liver aching
Sorry mate, you’ve got the wrong sub. This is for **bad** UK.
Nobody said they don't have the right. It's still embarrassing.
I miss wally he was so likeable
Absolutely. It's exhausting.
No problem! I was upset I couldn’t chose a female rose grey bay Arabian in story mode. I wanted to name her Rosé
He is like a bad cartoon that’s hard to turn off.
kill me. lifes meaningless bc of this
Thanks. I'm still sad till this day. But whatever happens, I'm at peace with his decision.
Gnarly ballsack is the technical term, I believe. Sadly, it's just a face beard.
i can t be with her in portland and i feel fairly useless here in strasbourg
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) you know you are. I bet its its awful being totally destroyed and embarrassed on the internet hahaha ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
i spritz a little bit of this brush it through and it feels moisturized and less damaged
i feel like when i entered my relationship with mike i became unwelcome in your life
although he is best girl, he can never love :( he litterally doesn't have a heart
i feel can be blamed on the music
Yeah those glimpses of the person I fell in love with too but unfortunately the glimpses are not enough which hurts :/
BREAKING NEWS, local bartender found chained up in drunks basement!
i didn t even think i was the type of person that could feel homesick
i out of all people really dont have many proplems talking about how i feel that being said i am in love so after all i have bitched about the last months was in vain
🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀I’m bad at this game🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀
Sorry I am kind of new to posting here. Didn't even know that existed! Gonna try and move over there.
i feel humiliated when i am forced to make decisions i do not want to make simply to please my parents
I thought he had a cool [NAME]. Was only slightly disappointed.
You're going to seriously regret this in a few years.
This man just posts facts and got -220. He told them the truth and they hated him for it.
i had this crazy idea that all of that water slogging around in my stomach would make me feel crappy so i kept my sips to an absolute minimum
i feel sorry for rafael bosch
No noodlebox for you then. Sorry.
I've had sleep paralysis once and it is really bad.
i was not aware of his point of view as a white european who had undertaken this trip as a fulfillment of a childhood dream but maybe because of this awareness i was able to feel the tragic dawning marlowe experiences of humanitys ruthless rapacity and greed
Mmmm traveling for work often isn't exactly the most desirable situation. It can be exhausting.
They are the best but my office is so far away 😞
i can feel the hesitation the temptation to pull back and dull the activities of the season out of habit
I do but no one wants to play with me I at least try to play by my self but it gets really boring.
i am feeling a lil groggy from the cough medicine
i feel like everything about me is defective and wrong and needs to be changed but when i change it the new thing is wrong too because its mine and therefore it must be wrong
I applaud both of you for taking whatever action you can to make this succeed. Sorry I couldn’t offer any advice. Good luck.
i didnt need that reminder plus her words made me feel as if she saw me as pathetic
Why is [NAME] still getting minutes? He is probably the worst player on this roster.
Kinda reminds me of my Uncle, [NAME].
I'm slightly ashamed to say I thought that was what the title implied too. Glad that's not the case
Constantly worrying about her and not feeling pleasure without her presence could be. You need to talk to a therapist.
i seem to have managed to start the week with a little bit of a hangover annoyingly so i have been sitting here feeling groggy all day
I'm sorry for your loss. Truly. I hope you and your family are doing okay.
This makes me want Lancaster to be cannon! It’ll probably never happen though😥.
Ugh, I have 2 cats as well and I wish for this every single day. I am, so far, constantly disappointed.
There's not enough salt in the world for her!
[NAME], that is so horrible. I’m so sorry for you and OP.
this literally made me sick to my stomach
i know it is so disgusting horrifying i feel so dirty
i feel like a useless bastard
I meant people who are attacking AOC over this dance video. Apologies for the misunderstanding, and I appreciate the lengthy reply.
i love my tango family sometimes especially when i m feeling ugly and awkward and like an outsider i need something from tango that i can t get when i know everyone at the milonga
Too bad it wasn’t a sword.
Yeah I could not even do that I could not move my leg to the side
i feel foolish amazed and yet i feel foolish a href http dkang
I couldn't even get an internship for Human Resources without having 2-3 years 'Real World' experience. Still in customer service, with a ton of debt.
i think this has caused me to resonate more deeply with others who lack connection and support who are alone who feel they do not have support who are suffering
Gods, what a loser.
My meme coins are starting to hit the 70% growth range from the beginning of the month. I'm feeling bullish.
this video makes me sad
i feel that should hurt more than is does she grimaced
i feel like fake eyeglasses will make me look older and hell a little more authoritative too
I just shit my pants. Then walk away. Embarrassing enough he won't press or follow you.
Sad and very true though. Case in point.
i wasnt alone or crazy for feeling so disheartened
i feel whiney winey lush lush i just know everyone thinks im scummy and annoying
im feeling a bit homesick
I was under the impression that [NAME] also has some pretty rough health problems.
Probably because its likely, unfortunately. The question is what happens next for people that are obsolete.
This momentum control by the refs is killing us, and we're letting it
You're clearly upset tho, you're not doing a good job proving your lack of caring
Two goals that are directly the fault of the our defense? I feel bad for [NAME]
You’re looking at hard time mate
this is hurting UCF's chance at a super bowl
So upset by the email lady after all these years. Get help.
i could feel the aching starting earlier in the day
I'm N-word, and I miss my dad
So glad she died
Im at the game,somebody please put me out of my misery
I walked 500 miles and then I walked 500 more, you can’t relate to my pain 😤
I tried to send this to a friend but [NAME] knocked it away.
I wish there was a bridge there, because then that would have been worth it. This river is the biggest pain in my zone!
i figured out why i feel so crappy and so now i don t feel so crappy because a lot of feeling crappy comes from trying to figure out why certain negative emotions exist especially when my life is pretty damn good most of the time ya
> It's upsetting. What can be done? We'll have to take it to the high courts, let them decide!
[NAME] I hate bad mondays at work! He needs to fiind a new job, this one is full of ”bad clients"...
Sorry, didn’t realize I was talking to a fan of the prestigious UCLA Bruins football program.
i never worry about having to repay you or feel burdened when i couldn t afford something because we always manage to understand and have fun despite being broke which is a lot of the time
Luckily, everyone regrets MySpace.
Wow...Mean [NAME] passed away today. RIP
i feel like its an excuse for being boring as an individual or lack of confidence in your individuality
this makes liberals look like spoiled house cats, it's embarrassing honestly.
I laughed harder than I should have at this reply. Then the sadness hit me when I realized it wasn't meant to be funny.
i do not feel disadvantaged or jealous without these things i feel empowered instead
Cognitive Dissonance. Big problem in our society.
Sure it's okay. Very sorry for your loss. Your dad's posts kept me coming back here when I was just a lurker. Much appreciation.
i honestly feel kind of embarrassed and a bit guilty
Sad if step kids are nice children I am sorry they are in this dynamic
I'm tall but no one is attracted to me, because I'm ugly, I have a big nose and ears.
He was off by 5 minutes, not impressed.
i feel a bit jaded and weary of the world
i feel pathetic and am asking myself how i could even let things get to that point but i did
I feel sorry for her son that must have been super cringe
You're right! Color me wrong! I sincerely apologize. Smack MY darn head!
55 here. Of course, I could never catch me one of those wonderful incels.
It depresses me that the Carousel revamp has been a popular answer. Thats not a change, that a sliding scale adjustment.
i have keep posting up sleeping pictures when i was feeling exhausted like as of right now especially after lunch getting stuck in the office in midst of the rain nice air conditioning
“I am so sorry! That was not my intention at all. My apologies” so charming. They do give you warning though
i often feel like the jaded older sister while around them
Go pursue that education. Let [NAME] wallow in her own sadness.
:( disappointed, i expected to give out personal therapy cats.
Sadly the Request a Book of [RELIGION] requires a phone number now. But if you have theirs it might work;
Me too, I've heard before that I'm too blunt and I feel bad about it at times
i would still feel unhappy and sad
i seem down its probably because i feel a bit defeated
They've actually gotten a bit worse :D Started with just a dry cough, now it's pain swallowing, stuffed nose, but the cough is now better
I'm crying. Their faces 😂🤣😂
Well the last sentence reallt hurts, but still I'll do my best to stay with her and keep her happy. I really love this girl
Oh that's so sad
Behavior I'd consider deeply immoral without showing true remorse (I'm talking rape, torture of animals, that sort of thing).
i just kind of feel blank about the whole thing
I didn't see it either! I feel like the kid at the birthday party that didn't get a piece of cake...
Can’t believe people still fall victims to those machines.
I don't know how everyone is falling for this lmao. Cringing a bit.
Yeah being up by 20 every game does that unfortunately
We are up 2-0 and this game is pissing me off so much.
I actually really like this, and unironically find it funny. Forgive me.
It was less painful than a bee sting! I felt so silly afterwards!
me as fuck
Short and simple... More embarrassing being a janitor or being in the unemployment line?
i feel after a horrible winter
Too bad I already got a college degree 5 years ago. ;) Would love to go back to school again.
i do feel a little needy
I'm always stuck in platinum because every match is a loss, no healer what so ever
Chiropractic is just a scam anyway, lots of studies shown it has no effect, sorry that happened to you btw.
i feel horrible rel bookmark permalink
And here I am, with no promotion after 3 years. Anyways, congrats for yours.
i feel the suffering and i really feel the pain
Guys. Our defense is bad outside of like two guys.
And the human babies - don’t forget them! Totally wicked! Sad!
Mate imagine reacting so poorly to be called out to calling anyone who has been discussing ozil and sven unreasonable.
Guys who work on aircraft usually have hard time hearing. Its unavoidable.
I feel digestive regret just looking at them.
That hurt too much to watch twice.
Eat too many whoppers and he'll be down with the sickness. Lma0 I'm sorry
U damn clown, she prolly felt so embarrassed and you’re just like meh
i don t want him to feel disrespected or unloved
I miss [NAME] butt.
i was feeling emotional i sat backstage during the two hour play and ate
i have just been wandering around santa cruz and thinking about this being the last time in a while that i m seeing all those meaningful streets squares shops caf s where i have spent so much time with my friends makes me feel almost heartbroken
Sorry for the late question but I wanted to know if can you buy 2 tickets with one Madridista membership? Or is it one ticket per Madridista membership?
i feel that he has lost the game
Believe me when i say not having a job doesn't change anything. It's an endless nightmare being ostracized from people your whole life.
I too rationalize how bad my my ex-girlfriend is now that she's gone. 8(
so painful to watch ugh im excited for trade szn
i mean its beginning marks the end to one of the best months of the year which im left feeling exhausted from
i feel ugly i mean i m being calle
Because I have no self-control and I hate myself.
i was feeling quite embarrassed and quite a wee crowd had gathered outside the bank
i almost feel like he was trying to be awkward
i wake up real life husband i feel melancholy towards day
That last bit is part of the embarrassment, actually.
Unfortunately, I don't. Sorry. 😔
Oh, I felt that despondency at the end there. Poor guy.
i feel unwelcome when i am with her
Done, sorry about missing that before.
every time you see the snake edge and still get hit even though you *swear* you were holding downback
i feel so remorseful for doing this to him
Yes I really miss his streams...the ONLY reason I chose adc as my main role was because of how chill chaox was.
Same. Wasn't good enough. Left broken. Edit: more broken
For 3 months so far. I’m not sure because I never had any successful withdrawals yet.
How poignant.
The girl on the right got glass stuck in her leg poor girl
Sorry, the two different names made me thing those were two different places. ^ ^;
Sadly this is not a new issue for Ukraine. Please take a moment to remember Babi Yar :(
i was feeling quite broke
>The ABC’s hard-hitting investigation :/ Such a sad article.
Players need to have Agency over their characters. you did not. total crap. :(
You forgot our dear friends from Paris
This wouldn’t feel so bad if sales and footfall weren’t but many external pressures were keeping profits down.
i came down into the kitchen of my childhood still in a dream i was like a mini baby on the kitchen table and i told my mother that she should expect to get this kind of a damaged child because she was so narrow and unwilling to feelings and emotional support
Youre not wrong, but that applies to every ad. People are generally getting upset with the message more than anything though
*blinded by the shill* I know like 2 people unfortunately..
Too late with having it back. I really did'nt have much back then. So I had a really hard time too.
Please don't think the way they're trolling represents us [NAME]. I'm sorry this happened.
Im done talking to you because i can expect better response from a wall. Feel bad for you. I hope it isnt too cold in your moms basement
i wasn t motivated i was tired and my guilt was making me feel worthless
There were rumors for a long time to work out and I ended up making it smaller.
Ehhh he got played so hard on the [NAME] vs [NAME] situation in 2017. Lost credibility after that for me
Yes, I am 100% superior to [NAME]. If you're not, I'm sorry
I kiss the shade all dude. His username was trewdat. I miss that guy.
You are entitled to live your life the way you want to. I never said you weren't. You really are just disappointing.
It’s embarrassing to share a license with them, that’s for sure.
The way that ladder is attached to the building is pretty terrible.
Oh man, I didn't expect that: It kept rolling on his face!
[NAME]* I'm not mad, just dissapointed.
Whoops! My mistake
i feel it would be too messy
>Yes, I know that you like to talk about yourself a lot :P I do use a lot of words. It's actually embarrassing.
I feel like this anime will make me cry in the end. Damn even its opening is full of drama. Am I correct in this?
i just had a very brief time in the beanbag and i said to anna that i feel like i have been beaten up
I forgot i followed this subreddit and now i'm having a meltdown
Oh, sorry
Eh I work oilfield so my sample of peoples opinions is probably pretty skewed. Still super embarrassing knowing this many people are so ignorant.
Unfortunately, we live in 21st century America, where this kind of behavior ensures that they will both be given high-paying jobs at CNN.
French fried when he should have pizza'd and had a bad time.
i was feeling defeated again and super overwhelmed i stopped and realized that this is just a demanding season for me
i feel very needy
I feel bad for laughing at this now that the creator of Spongebob passed away a month ago.
You forgot about Argentina, 30k people died here because of the USA
Sorry for the delay. Nanaimo's a union/mill town, so no surprise the NDP won.
Literally everywhere. There's nothing especially Texan about any of this. I heard all of this in freaking SCONSIN.
Turns out, that daddys little girl is a thot, who also takes drugs. No wonder she fled her country.
Better late than never sadly I can see another label scooping him up
Yup this game just gets worse and worse
Great story, but I'm on PC and didn't get a chance to play ;c.
I literally screamed uncontrollably for 3 months and ended up in a mental hospital.
i do feel like the blank slate leads for a ton of possibilities which gets me really excited
It's also ridiculously removed from reality. Dying to a disease or injury from an accident is orders of magnitude more likely than getting shot.
I'd give them a first, but they have to retain salary. You know they'll just destroy that first round pick too.
i tried to convince them that mine wouldnt actually make them feel crappy like the real deal but they were still reluctant to try it
But both lost, whereas moderate Sinema won. Its important because without Arizona there is no real path to Senate majority in 2020.
Flat out getting our ass kicked. Gotta give it to Memphis, they have just shut us down
I think the saddest thing here is that he thinks "by-my-self" is how to write that.
i sat there in the park friday night listening as he listed everything thatd happened for the past months that had made him feel shitty
Honestly i have no clue. Just got my feelings hurt by the mean things he was saying to nurk and wanted to cyberbully him in response
Because ridiculously attractive people also have self esteem issues and depression Guess what honey The world sucks for everyone There’s no escape We will all die in misery and alone
It’s really hard to watch for some people because of how awkward and... just how stupid [NAME] is in this episode
Devastating to hear of any news like this :(
This show has completely gone downhill, can’t believe I waited a month to be disappointed smh
you got me [NAME]
I feel genuine sorrow for your family having to be associated with a cretin such as yourself
i think i used to overeat i mean one reason anyway was because i wanted to make sure i didn t feel deprived later
i feel more inhibited more shy in my own town with a camera than i do in the centre of london
Every day it gets harder to tell the difference between a legit mental health issue and someone just using it as an excuse to be an arsehole.
Man being unattractive in appearance has pretty much taken any joy out of my life
Oof that hurt
Oh god dammit I've been bamboozled, I fell for the b8
Can’t see him doing well in the premier league tbh. Wouldn’t be surprised if he ends up wishing he stayed at Dortmund.
"Oh no, my blue heroes died, it's probably very bad, time to concede".
I thought I could handle it but I was wrong. Good [NAME] was I wrong.
I feel you. I hate needles and i'm a type 1 diabetic
Good deeds don't buy off being shitty. This is why [NAME] is remembered as a monster.
i still have the wtf feeling and regretful feeling until today though just a kiss but a stranger
im not feeling homesick
First of all, sorry for your loss. Keep in mind that funerals are for the people still alive not the person who has just died.
i feel beaten and bruised from their harshness and wearied by their relentlessness
That [NAME] part killed me!
I'm hopeful but going in with tempered expectations. There have been some remasters in which I was really disappointed. BioShock comes to mind.
Oh sorry I gotcha
I’m still using a laptop from 2008, and until last month I was using a phone from 2013. Actually felt bad upgrading the phone.
Ketamine is absolutely bizarre in high doses. I lack the words to really describe it. I've never felt so detatched from my own humanity.
i feel like i am nothing but pathetic
I don't really know how to explain because English is not my first language, I'm sorry.
we were frauded the whole time about how pure she is. turns out she's actually trash.
Sorry, I swapped back to Canada unclearly, to respond to the comments about it.
That wasn't what I was expecting at all.
I just get sad when I see people commenting on articles and videos about him that they think he's on drugs.
Every time I think about how close we were to getting [NAME] it hurts a little bit more...
I'm sorry to tell you this but your mate probably touches children too. That's the only logical conclusion I can come to here.
Oh such a embarrassing mistake, or was it?
i was feeling awful on sunday
i know ken has this down but im feeling really inadequate what am i doing wrong
i feel like i am doomed for the rest of my life
i feel like i m damaged goods and that he deserves better than this
i feel like there isnt any dirty oil left on my skin after using this to clog my pores or make my skin oily towards the end of the day
i just had a baby i feel crappy about myself and my husband doesn t seem to want to have sex with me as often
I would feel similarly, but I would be more gleeful and less guilty.
i just feel so defeated that once again im the weirdo that cant adjust to motherhood
i feel so dumb talking about this i feel like a whiny emo teenager who has so many problems and who is far too in love with her temporary boyfriend
i am sitting here today feeling just miserable
sorry. I don't want to put words in your mouth.
ive had a dry spell of inspiration and just this overall sense of feeling that i have lost touch with all the little things ive always loved
That is embarrassing, but at least they know you're not lying about the cause!
i am feeling lighter and less inhibited every single day
My score per minute is terrible because I only snipe so asking the wrong person. Sorry dude
I still think he should have been the first goalie in the 2014 World Cup. But alas that injury ruined everything.
I’ve been kicked in the leg my foots been stamped on. I can’t imagine the pain of this
When my [NAME] is crying...
I stopped worrying about showing vulnerability years ago but there's still nobody there.
"I'm sorry mam, but we dont allow children in the store unattended, so you are going to have to leave."
i truly feel sorry for them
Rightfully so. I had it as a child and it was the worst experience in my life. I'm also vulnerable for shingles now. Yaaay.
i am not even attempting to plan to be perfect that week it wont happen so i need to make a plan to atleast get through it without feeling deprived or mad at myself
i feel regretful ashamed and embarrased of evey single thing ive ever done i cant think of anything im proud of
i guess we all feel ugly in some sort of way
i feel at ease in those moments but the last few nights have been troubled
And those poor kids are still paying for it. And we have actual grown adults that are bullying them even today.
“Still wearing ATM” this bit has me crying! Thanks for the mental image.
So happy for you I am crying too.
I cant get a cat but derpy behavior makes me want one so bad
im stupid and make me feel like im worthless
I want to die
Normally yeah but that was my friends first match ever and to encounter such a killer, who was running noed too is kinda disheartening for him
I really wanted him to be wearing cowboy boots, but will still upvote for those rain boots!
The highest rate of eating disorder in men is binge eating disorder... I fail to see how a pressure to l ok good causes binge eating disorder
Therapy NOW! Who hurt you? First of all, i'm very sorry that happened to you but you are loved...
Sorry, I was misinformed. My apologies, brother in [NAME].
Its the easiest subject in the whole school, they teach us stuff we should’ve learned when we were 11, it’s so bad...
SHE MAKES ME CRINGE :(
i quite often get up feeling groggy but after meditating and having a fresh juice i feel as good as new
Yea I'm poor :(
You called yourself a Met fan. THAT is embarrassing. Edit: called themselves a Met fan and didn’t know who [NAME] was AMD disrespected him.
i feel hated helping prevent gay
i started to sprint even when i consciously thought about my foot not even once did it register to my brain that i was feeling hurt from it
Just drink the bear. Life is too painful and short to worry
i did something to my back after moving my piano this week im not hercules just terribly stupid so i was feeling a bit miserable for myself this morning and then this turned up in the post
Yeah, all of their SB's have been really entertaining. Nothing worse than an SB like the Seahawks-Broncos from 5 years ago.
i was really feeling shitty both physically and emotionally and it even took me some time to realize that a nailart session would have been the right positive treat to cheer myself up
I tried Skelth, it's pretty old and feels like not too active anymore.
Which is why not only did PR lose but RUP was not the first choice sadly even if it had won in BC :(
i hate you for making me feel unimportant
The mods deleted it I'm sorry
came here to find the person who hasn’t seen this movie so i could feel bad for them
*Samsung Other Android phones don't have Bixby, that's Samsung's BS (and yeah, it's terrible. I have the button / feature completely disabled)
See as sad as I am I can’t hate anyone here.
i sighed feeling like she was doomed to fail at this sort of thing
Sorry, but this was already on our front page recently, so I'm gonna have to remove it.
These people have absolutely no confidence in their ability to make a living. It’s pathetic.
i have forgiven anyone who i feel has hurt me
It was probably either a wrong number, a prank call, or a girl you forgot you met and she was embarrassed. If something more happens update us
you are correct, but now it is over. and i cry
The point is no 13yr old is perfect and shit happens that doesn't mean they were scumbags that deserved to die for making the wrong choice.
im feeling so morose
And any form of bottom up government is also extremely susceptible to corruption. Basically, humans suck.
You die > mom will be sad
i am sick of you feeling sad and upset so lets do angry because angry i can handle
[NAME] could be so valuable if we didnt rely on him to create
i'm not that into shower sex tho. like it's fun sometimes, but it takes me so long to get off when i'm wet.
i was still having some contractions but i was feeling slightly defeated
Sorry man, you’re a great person and all. But margarine??? Downvoted*
Well they called and said there was a pricing discrepancy and they could not honor it. 😭 sad day.
Apologies, I take it all back as I’ve just seen his latest effort
Theres nothing more despicable in this world than a carelessly brewed mug of chai brother. You gotta get with the program.
Yes no one wants to believe my religion and how to make people happy so it makes me sad
i feel lost and discombobulated i lose the drive to write
i feel awful when reading someones emotional posts especially when i am was having mine
I would make a terrible partner. Fuck, I'm not even a good friend.
A girl that ugly only liking me isn't a compliment its an insult and it shows [NAME] hates me
That's just sad if it's for a game
Done and done in the memory of [NAME]. I am sorry for your loss.
Sorry thought you were the other guy that said it was a privilege.
i feel so perverse
And the players who are older than me are retiring and it looks like I might never play professional baseball.
Yall remember that rainbow zebra striped gum that lost its flavor in like 0.0001 seconds
i could have just kept going but i could tell that she was feeling really defeated and needed a friend
im great at complaining because modern society is geared toward making people feel inadequate
Wow, for some reason this made me really uncomfortable
Your body, your choice. Sorry it had to mean the end of the relationship. But it's better now rather than later as tensions grow.
Great show - up until the last half of the final episode. It was such a lackluster, disappointing ending for what was a great series.
I don’t understand the point you’re making sorry
i am socialising and feel so awkward around other people at times that i eat to cover the fact i have nothing to contribute to the conversation
Sold out. Sorry my dude!
i’m so sorry.....
Sorry im a french guy
im feeling sad so i can remind myself of how i am talented and good at things and also see things that inspire me all in once place
That's the best part, I can't even imagine to live forever with my shitty body
i am feeling all melancholy
I played in the WSHL last year and this really isn’t a surprise. It’s crazy how unbalanced the competition is in that league
i feel awkward and laugh with me when i make mistakes and have open arms for me even though mine sometimes dangle at my sides hesitant
Holy shit was that the one guy that supported remain? I didn't know we had a celebrity on this board.
i got a feeling like something tragic is going to happen and im praying to god im not like kristie and that im completely wrong on this one and that everything is fine
Spent time with them. Argue with them. Laugh with them. Cry with them. We all get lonely when we are old.
You have to find the right woman honestly and its sad that divorce is so punishing
i feel like ive never felt this lonely or depressed or unhappy with my life but i still smile and maintain and good mood in school
I'm so uncomfortable.
I'm gonna say break it off and expect them to date at some point. So prepare for that one. Sorry bud, good luck!
i still feel very very disheartened
What dose are you taking and how long did it take to help? I've been trying the Lazarus 50mg/ml. Not seeing any obvious improvement so far.
I think you missed a "ba"
[NAME]? Man that laugh when the captain joked that she can read minds. Kinda embarrassing.
i tend to pretend i understand what someone says even when i dont fully understand because i dont want them to feel embarrassed or to seem like im not in the know
Be adult Pay taxes to govt Be deemed incompetent by people with different views Feels bad
I’m still sorry you had to go through that. I’m sorry anybody has to experience fear on a daily basis.
i feel totally ignored and excluded
His head bounced on the hardwood. Damn.
im not happy with tonight either but no need to make a bad situation worse by just bitching about everything and anything.
Shit's going down in Zim. 6 people killed yesterday by army and over 200 arrested.
i am but all of a sudden i feel ignored and unloved and forgotten and i know its probably mostly in my head but what if it isnt
Pretty much, it’s ironic to think how quickly the parties would switch positions if the illegal immigrants were expected to vote 90% for [NAME].
i am feeling a lil bit gloomy
This is objectively wrong, what the actual fuck lol.
I'm afraid you're completely correct. Sad, but true.
I did misread i saw 23-27
Sometimes, I feel bad if I don't every now and then. I mostly talk with her on SC/IG tho.
im a little concerned that ill look up one day and all the leaves will be on the ground and ill feel like i missed it
I'm so sorry about your friend. What was he like?
That was the most boring movie I’ve ever seen
i can feel myself gaining control over the damaged goods aspects of my personal security
I asked at the Bodies Reveled show if they used prisoner bodies.. I got an awkward no.
Im sorry but I dont get the joke, can someone explain it to me?
It's "snowflake" to get upset over something like this 😂😂😂
I love Chinese buffets. All the ones in my town are gone, all buffets are gone, sucks
I like [NAME] so far, but I know I'm alone in that.
Must be nice my seats were in that area... sadly I decided to go to the bathroom. #PTSD
Turkey's situation is bad, but still nothing compared to Venezuela.
I thought I couldn't get more depressed about last game, but.....
i can understand that the people here are not nice to them and that they feel isolated and alone and think this life is just not worth it anymore
Is that Riverside, CA? That’s where I’m from! Sadly I was barely a teen in 1993-first time I saw them was Dec. 1996
i feel disturbed when i see people break into pieces right in front of me because of love
ah thats my bad, she just finished the blog and im sharing it around, one sec and ill edit it.
This is so sad. [NAME], play 'bitch lasagna'
The US and Canada are great allies, it's really a shame they've elected their worst.
Forehead kisses, and any of the cute nicknames he calls me [NAME], best feeling being in his arms [NAME] I miss it all
it made me cry too when [NAME] return to her older self😢
i ignore her once shell keep trying and trying and trying till i break down and feel horrible about myself
i contend that the acceptance is a bow to the culture which requires it and christians today feel shamed by a new morality
Yep. The problem is definitely regulation and not wealth hoarding supported by corporate money controlling politics. Temporarily embarrassed millionaires unite!
I’m sorry on behalf of all the idiot guys. They didn’t take my class. How Not to be Creepy 101.
Looks like you got it bad. How soon till you can get out on your own?
We are usually way worse in the 3rd tbf
I miss them being alive
The second overall pick is pretty embarrassing
i more important than going fun ipad strategy games original boots from ugg wear ugg boots this winter low cost ugg boots uggs need to get washed inside they are also lightweight so you won t feel burdened with them speed up finances with payday loans payday loans the monthly solution for you
It was [NAME] I think? And I only remember because I was surprised and then disappointed.
That poor janitor.
You are unfortunately far and few between.
Fool me once, shame on you...
Some of us can't do syrup any more. :(
This is so tough for all of you! I'm so sorry!. Are you in Canada? I would push hard for a pediatric gastroenterologist.
i started this off feeling a little melancholy but i think the holy spirit must have come in and given me a hand because i feel like now i understand my situation better than i did half an hour ago
Sorry, you misspelled disrespectful. You don't have my trust. Here are the divorce papers.
You'd think we don't have anymore tears already... It's been 62 years of crying.
the negative connotation of eugenics is allowing dysgenics which is a far worse fate for humanity
Poor and lonely.
im so happy about this as he was really looking feeling awful
That such a sad flop [NAME]
i loved my supervisions because i come in feeling like a dumb dumb and leave feeling so heroic as if ive accomplished something huge
It's a weird way of saying you don't want to see my penis
I know it's easy for me to say because it wasn't me but money is money. We can always make more. Really sorry dude.
Ohhh sorry. I got it now. Thanks bruv
>just because I miss [NAME] and [NAME], who played them. You forgot to add the rest of that sentence
Giants are getting him even though if take him. He wants them too so no room for us
i could soon feel quite rejected
i apologise as a tank if we have a big pull and it all feels messy
i can t help but feel a bit miserable
Weird how ive been "attempted" the same scam twice and im just a nobody.. Probably more or less amatur x'D
I’m sorry. If it was me- go straight to divorce and file. Why prolong the pain and abuse.
Let their deaths be swift
I genuinely teared up when I heard it in the game
Oh I get it, you are illiterate on purpose because you fear to be fed with lies (in your mind). Sorry for you.
She looks like an early game killer.
you should have asked this question 15 years ago sadly :(
If she is sorry at all. Could be more along the lines of "I am pretending to be sorry so I don't get fired."
This converstaion reminds me of this old [NAME] cartoon. Apparently some people were upset by it.
i know it shouldn t feel unsuccessful but the only way to come back and make that be the right decision would be to come back and win a super bowl
i think you would all agree that feeling your toes and fingers go numb is perhaps one of the most unpleasant feelings ever
When I went on a first date I only took like 2 bite of my food. Felt pretty bad
no the first part about UK becoming a failed state. Why do you think a lot of [NAME] would not want this to happen?
My one regret is not making an account sooner. I lurked for a long time because I felt like I didn't have anything worth saying.
The TV anime series is, at least, atrociously bad and stupid. Is full of deus ex and silly cliffhangers.
[NAME] just put a huge hole in my heart.
But all this does is hurt the average person not the right way to raise money.
[NAME] damn I need a cigarette now
i for thanksgiving complete with lb suspiciously moist turkey and traditional stuffings and with the final death of thanksgiving i can look around and go ahhh and start enjoying the holidays rather than feeling assaulted by them
Personally, I assume that those who claim NOT to be deprived in this way are just adept liars. That's how deprived I am.
Unless you have an established career and are a high earner then sorry but you _are_ the shared housing type.
im feeling lame about my progress is to look at my pics that ive taken
Poor [NAME] doesn't deserve that!
i should feel burdened that the slightest touch from that body even now still lingers upon my skin
Youre gonna be really disappointed when you hear [NAME] track with the guy from Degrassi
I noticed this while watching it and cracked up... it was so cringey! It was after they watched their wedding montages.
i can live out my values instead of just being crushed by debt feeling rejected and feeling empty
True, I misread the post and thought it was applying it to on-field performance. My apologies.
i did not want to feel discouraged looking at a gain
Damn MLM at its worst
im waiting to go to my decal right now and i feel really shitty so i dont want to do any studying for the time being
i feel really devastated and i feel like i can t breathe
i don t mean to behave so cut off but i feel so lethargic to utter one single word to anyone
[NAME], it's like nobody learned a single thing from the game.
that’s actually sad, feel bad for him :/
i guess ill just feel awkward with him for a while till i get over shit
Yep. Been there. Watching my baby crying while vomiting and her eyes looking at me so hurt was hard.
i had ritz crackers in my desk drawer because theyre something ill eat even when i feel crappy and or dont feel like eating
gotchu lol, in that case sorry you got downvoted to hell for this lol
i had been feeling extremely homesick the first two days
im feeling a little stressed over it already
It ruined me, too. D:
Oh man... my grandparents on both sides of the family have passed away and it was tough... we’re here for you
Sad really. Are they really that threatened by people speaking a language? We all speak English everyday, not like we do for sectarian reasons.
Where'd you go tough guy? You were talking so big before. Way to downvote and move on punk.
i find myself when i am feeling most alone
im feeling how char had blamed me of doing a few weeks ago
i didnt end up with that popular guy before the feeling i had when i was rejected its like a break up what i thought during that time la
i don t want to mention the afternoon because i am a highly conscientious person who would hate like to make you feel that unsuccessful
i feel like something tragic is going to have to happen for people to wake up and see how vulturous sic and poisonous it s all gotten
Its horrifying to think about getting separated from your family, friends and the culture you were living into somewhere new and unfamiliar just like that
I thought it was something about the dog not smelling your drugs, but now i'm just sad that you didn't get to pet it :(
im stuck feeling hopeless at this time
Burn wait someone already did it sorry
i said you are not focused with me and when you are not focused with me i feel unimportant
For real though, I do apologize. That's a bad run of luck for sure, it's such a rare syndrome
Sorry, I just got to give you an extra upvote for 'twat waffle'. It really sums it up marvellously.
i feel that they will hire billy over sasha because they will not have to pay billy to play catch up on the work that he missed
Again, that + is going to make people not want to do this deal.
i wake up and i feel absolutely worthless
Unfortunately half the country are not being reasonable.
I can't remember a time during my early childhood where I didn't dress up like my mom and almost break my little ankles in her heels
i feel terrible for him and want to cheer him up
I really hate ginger ale. With a passion. The scenario in that scene makes me sick to my stomach.
felt that so hard too
And the sad part is this goes on for decades and decades grrrrrrr
Yeah, well your just jealous that you don't have a cunt like me.
That seems crazy that you can't hit higher frame rates. I can hit 80fps consistent with a 1080. Something weird is going on here.
It's a shame when a really attractive person does this to themself. Pretty eyes great smile.
But he was so *hurt* when [NAME] acknowledged that homosexuality is a sin.
i am really worn out today and feel beaten down
You must be heartbroken, I’m so sorry. Can you start seeing a therapist?
I can't do it anymore today, I'm out.
Yep happening to me all the time at my college. Fuck everything
Whenever you get a smelly one, don't you feel ashamed? Like what disgusting thing did I do wrong?
Laws don’t apply when you’ve got money. Sad but true.
i think i feel the coldness more compare to other people who can withstand low temperature
A mix of useful idiots and active grifters. It's a sad sign of our culture that these people make a living this way.
This physically hurt me
Hence the apology note.
i feel like i have been beaten up and looking back on my week i can see why
I’m sorry where is that?
RIP. Sad for his family and the bull riding community.
i upload today i know some of you are waiting for my bareminerals video but i haven t filmed one and i m feeling kind of lousy today so i m catching up with doing laundry and taking it easy
It’s harder when you have kids with the partner.
Break ups are painful and there’s no way to avoid that. Be honest with your current girl and end it.
I think you also underestimate how big Chelsea has become, especially in the States
i am starting to feel a bit disheartened with my progress on my physical tbr there are still boxes of books next to my bed and they are not going away as fast as i want them to
i went to an lds step meeting and was so overwhelmed by evil feelings and just broke down and said so at the meeting and expressed how low i felt and how ready i was for these feelings to leave my body
im feeling a little bit embarrassed about the serious lapse in blogging but ive had an extremely busy past few months trying to finish new work in time for the toronto outdoor show as well as a number of other exhibitions
> that hurts my enjoyment of society. Then what could you possibly mean by this?
What's really sad is that [NAME] wants to outlaw gay dads. I'm literally shaking.
> Im a milan fan I'm so sorry.
As high as ~72% in black families. Truly heartbreaking what the expansion of the welfare state has done to the black family.
The Fire are also trash and play their games 45 minutes outside of Chicago. Love you Fire fans, sorry about your ownership and FO.
> like beer, is a waste of time Sir you forget yourself!
im feeling a little disillusioned about vision therapy lately
I miss big daddy buff
i must tell you i feel pretty stupid standing in my yard revving the motor letting it stop revving the motor and letting it stop times to get more inches of line
Honest mistake but I deserve and will accept the shame xxxx
i find myself feeling slightly melancholy at the thought of retiring my favourite summer pieces into a storage closet for the fall and winter seasons
i dont know why but recently i feel really extremely exhausted i feel like i am going to faint at any moment lll i never felt like this before i feel so weak
I like Derek. It's on Netflix and I was crying my eyes out and laughing hysterically every single episode. I was sorry they cancelled it.
Living here. Now my daughters biggest aspiration is to leave this place, and I can’t say I blame her.
Interesting read, thanks. Still a 40% bust rate. Sucks that someone's job is on the line with that high of a chance of failing.
i do find myself confused when i feel no pain and when my pain becomes resigned understanding a warm memory of a beautiful girl locked away for no one to ruin to taint
6'3 guy who wants to be the smaller guy here, [NAME] i feel you
Kind of upsets me that people are so willing to just throw out some wild, baseless accusation like this for karma.
I’m sorry to hear this. Unfortunately online dating is trying to find the bits of gold in a pile of pyrite
Running a company will be the same disappointment. Your problem is unsolved.
You sound like someone who doesnt know what ironic humour is.
i feel it aching in my chest
i can t help but feel jaded
My life has been destroyed
i am thankful for not attending therapy but am really no further forward in fact probably feeling more isolated misunderstood and lonely in it
That says to me that he believes you are the issue, not his mother.
She was carrying all my burdens >:((
That sucks I'm sorry. Ive always been dismayed at how flippant people are.
for me it was def the egg yolk. i’m pouting as i reluctantly eat it.
U get an updoot from one sad person to another
Right... so true. I’m sorry you’re going through this too.
I'm sorry I imagine that was devastating.
i feel dismayed at how many people get stuck on a do it yourself salvation mentality
im feeling a little melancholy tonight kinda like the paint on this door
Yeah. You probably dint [NAME] the cut. Sorry :-(
I flew off the handle and that's my bad.
i sneeze i have dark circles under my eyes i feel miserable really
Oh sorry, I forgot there isn’t any paperwork involved in getting a gun.
i have hurt so much and been told to stop so much that i suppose it all leaked into my brain and now i feel guilty when i hurt
i feel like one of those dirty confidential intermediaries that i so dislike
Oh [NAME], even if I had a bf I would be ashamed to have him do that for
Had surgery at 3mnths old to fill a pinhole in my back (spinabifida) Cutting myself after some severe postpartum depression
i can feel an unpleasant pressure from it
They usually do hoss, hence the steak and beer hard to be sad with good food.
I'd say we should dump him somewhere at sea but the oceans are already pretty polluted... :(
i finally admit im feeling sorry for myself evar ok i finally admit im feeling sorry for myself if bc
Penis enlargement? Or reduction? If it’s something serious I apologize for the inappropriate comment, and good luck hopefully everything goes smoothly.
Oh, the Custom is a great guitar. But it doesn't have same snarl of the Epi.
I’m just gonna go ahead and call bullshit on most of the details of this story.
I'm ashamed that while trying to figure out what TKE stands for all I can come up with is Tau Kappa Epsilon.
I did not even realize he was injured...
it's not but damn i'm sorry to hear how common this is
im just feeling so lethargic
I deserved it. I'm a garbage cumslut. He owned me and he took his property.
i luckily became really good friends with one. we definitely helped each other process our pain from him... so surreal how well they spin those lies
i would feel lethargic and have indigestion after eating too much
That's so disappointing. I'm sorry that happened to you. It really is hard to make friends as an adult.
Omg this.. completely relatable and depressing.. yay for us.
Ok my apologies then!
Yes! What the hell is it with ikea? My husband and I don’t go together anymore.
Seeing him RT rev gave me some hope which hurts worse
I was sad to see emails from multiple downtown restaurants offering free delivery through grubhub. Deliveries are going to be brutal.
This stresses me out way too much.
i feel like an ungrateful bitch because of what i made you see
My point is we have been shit for the most of the season, today we are just shit in a new formation
I'm sorry but I would've have pressed charges on the guy who kicked me in the ribs while I was being held down.
damn, i always get in on these too late
i feel sorry for the poor guy who were told to leave by female passenger when they accidentally sit on area for women
I read on a different post that he died shortly after of internal injuries.
I'm sad that you are against abortion. Can I drop my unwanted baby off at your door ?
read that as 'Belly Racing' and tbh i'm a little underwhelmed
It wasnt a terrible idea until [NAME] got injured and [NAME] got complacent
I miss him...
Thought [NAME] had a bad game. For such a strong player he didn't get to keep much of the ball when in possession.
i feel like if i m too fake with lighting you ll be taken away and not immersed in the story
That is so beautiful. It makes my heart hurt that humans can be cruel to animals when they're aware of having so much emotion.
Sorry if I was insulting, I just took your post as some commie type smugly trolling how stupid [NAME] is
i feel that horrible helplessness to make things better for them and that feels like it will kill me inside
Don't worry. r/fireemblem is obligated to bash fates whenever it can [NAME] I love the entire scene so much. ~~Too bad it ruined the song~~
And I've no monkeys left.... Sorry man
And my apologies if I misinterpreted but you seemed to state multiple times that it keeps you from seeking other women, such as the [NAME] example.
Sadly this is how you get shit fixed
Suns fan here, I firmly believe you guys keep number one. Just having a bad game
“Got caught talking about meditation” Sounds terrible I am so sorry you had to go through that kind of thought policing.
I think you misunderstood me. I wanted to say that it was beyond stupid 😊
Sorry that you lost that stuff. But that's a lot to have in your car in SF
Sorry, should've mentioned...
I'm sorry for what happened to you. I guess you were sending mixed signals all the time.
i really feel rotten and my ear hurts so bad but i still managed to work out days and really push the intensity
ive learned an important thing i binge eat to cope with what i cannot control feelings and emotional reactions to situations outside of my control
[NAME] punches here are so desperate and have absolutely zero power in them. He was outclassed so badly twice in a row after such a dominant run.
Huh, I'd missed this one when looking for new games a few months back. Might have to give it a try.
i can spill my feelings to and tell every pathetic detail of my life
I'm sorry, but that poor kitty looks miserable.
I thought it got a nerf when the spirit got released. My bad. But I still stand by, healing against the legion is pointless.
I think I might like a front end web developer job but not positive since I've always been in healthcare/science
He lost his shoes. He’s legally dead.
The secondhand panic and embarrassment I feel from this is astounding
Typical humans, diminishing dog's accomplishments.
Sorry but I don't keep up with YT celebs or drama What happened to [NAME] ?
i feel embarrassed if anyone were to stop by and see the state of my house enough that i wish i could pretend we werent even home when someone does stop by
Sorry I thought you called me dumb. Long story. A misunderstanding. Sorry
Society started going downhill at exactly the point where I became negatively affected by social change.
Ohhhhh man, too real. I spent way too many years with full on raccoon eyes and just accepting that's what makeup was.
It's a bitter cycle
Bhahaha! I’m sorry, that sounds awful.
i know ill feel shitty the whole time
i rarely feel guilty when my laughs are on me
I used to watch it’s always sunny with my cat. She loved it. Now I can’t watch it without crying.
Im color blind, i usually see blue as purple and red as green soo...
Yeah that was my bad. I was just heated after that loss and was being an ass. My b
Jolex because [NAME] grated on my nerves so bad
I'm sorry but [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are my favs this year (and I hated [NAME] in her Season).
i feel in my heart and definately in my idiotic mind
I've done it 3-4 times as survivor and never got the trophy. I think I'll try as Killer, will be easier haha.
Little scrub didn't even make it through the first week of NN19.
Goodbye cruel world.
i have unwashed hair but a new shirt and also the weather is the bomb but i also feel sleep deprived and havent had a diet coke and its am
Same, there was no thanks or consideration that they’d just given her the ‘night off’.
Sorry man I don’t really like duck.
Typically the speeches come from a functional adult. The Idiot is an unindicted co-conspirator with a visible personality disorder. Feigning normalcy is part of what's wrong.
im feeling too stressed doing homework that i dont feel like going out
“excuse me, sorry im next”. “oh sorry”(moves behind you). “thank you”
She must have a very boring life
Death approaches! -[NAME] 2013 (I think)
i admits to feeling remorseful after her outbursts width height
I'm sorry OP but this is all on you. Your parents played you like a $4000 fiddle.
He most likely saw you and just didn’t care. Sadly.
why would you have kids? why would you chose not to be with that girl with big boobs? you dumped her?!
Sadly I think this is true & maybe this is the incentive adults need to get into action
It's kinda sad knowing that ibises are only scavenging our bins & rubbish due to their natural habitats drying out.
i look at the feelings which i think have in some ways inhibited me from stepping forwards
Did that with an oven pizza at 3am in my underwear. Got burns all over my stomach
Day 7 is tough... Not as tough as day 15 but tough
Wow, sorry, bruh. I didn’t realize we were in the presence of genius. Please elaborate.
That is absurd, man. I'm sorry you don't believe in the spirit realm.
It happened in back to back home games earlier this season but hasn’t happened since.
Grammar guy, sorry, but vicarious doesn't work like that. Did you mean various?
It's not uncommon for OTPs to not use their mics or stay out of chat all together because of all the flame they get.
i was truly just standing there staring out the window feeling so incredibly melancholy that i was on the verge of tears
Awe, poor baby.
Too bad it's the wrong kind of blows!!!
My hair never scrunched and I was so jealous
I think this does help less good pupils to learn it better and agree with the teachers. In my class thats the biggest problem when it comes to french
I thought it was but didn't find anything in Reddit's horrible search. Thank you and I apologize for this.
i can feel suffering and turmoil but it also feels the same
i was feeling depressed about our infertility and had received a slew of pregnancy announcements that week
I was 10 years old when this happened and seeing her heartbroken dad on tv and hearing her story still haunts me.
Thank you. I’m sorry that happened to you.
Says nothing about a 2nd interview
Guilty... waaaaay over sold myself on my resume about 12 years ago.
toy has lost its value
Ah. I thought you meant ads in general. Sorry, bud!
I just never felt like a boy. I hate my body and I just feel like I can't express myself for who I am.
me. i’m the problem. i don’t think anyone can help me anymore.
Disconcerting how much I see this guy’s trash propaganda on my reddit feed
i am feeling lousy right now
i feel positively ashamed when i look out of the window and see the state of things
I'm so sorry. She's a very lucky cat to have people who love her so much.
Lmao I’m so sorry but yet intrigued as to how it contributed to your breakup?
im tired of feeling lethargic and im hungry and im going to eat this bread and the sausage and the entire chocolate bar the minute i get home
This made me laugh until i tried to "like" the post. Dammit. I am the old people on the Facebook. Shit.
Had a baby before, those movements should be the last of your worries
You are so right. Reddit response of reading only the first few words. It's been a long damn week. My apologies.
It’s so hard to be a mommy! Chasing kiddos. Work, work, work!!!
Fuuuuck. I feel this. In my core.
Sorry, but you probably do given the AVers do have a limited literary skills at the best of times.
i feel more inhibited to practice during public sessions compared to the lessons but any ice time is good ice time
I miss [NAME] wish we could trade back for him!
Sitting here, waiting for the price to drop so i can buy more. I guess it's not gonna happen.
I'm so sorry but just do everything you can for you and daughter and of course mom.
It's more like depression is the default state. We live in a depressing society.
At least you can admit you missed it
i just need to rant right now i feel so ignored in life my friends are too busy for me when we hang out we do have fun but only occasionally do we get the chance plus i always seem to be the one organising things or at least partially involved
Usually they ask, and the generic is almost always cheaper. It's shitty of them not to ask though.
Tortilla chips are the worst oml. One time a piece got lodged between my gum and my tooth. Like, that fella was /deeply/ embedded in my gum
Exactly, I've seen some of her friends and family SM and is not exactly wowing me.
My son told me he hates me
The smile on these guys face, the will and passion to explore all gone in a second. Rest in peace explorers!
oml I’m so sorry OP for all that
i wish i have the feeling back soon cause now i realise how lonely when i dont have the feeling its like soo unwanted even when i am not
I cannot imagine being so fragile that being able to smile threatens your identity and world view.
Sorry I failed to mention I'm relatively new to the scene . Last 2 years only
oh shit u meant the actual post... yeh i live in china this all we got😂😂
i do find new friends i m going to try extra hard to make them stay and if i decide that i don t want to feel hurt again and just ride out the last year of school on my own i m going to have to try extra hard not to care what people think of me being a loner
Such a disappointment
