surprised he hasn’t mentioned [NAME] after saying [NAME] the best manager/coach he’s ever worked with
Woah, woah, woah. You're trying to tell me that elites have a stranglehold in a country with an *actual* aristocracy?!
Exactly. I forget what the "killed per year in a school shooting" figure is but it's shockingly low.
i feel thompson needs to work on then again i m not exactly impressed by flash and fluff
i missed about a month combined of classes and was pretty much bed ridden for months of the semester i feel really amazed that i was able to pass
Wow after that [NAME] turnover, I've never turned off a game so fast
>YHWH >Abba >same dude I knew it
i was feeling pretty impressed with my potential new boss
i feel like im giving them a story to tell to their friends and family which is funny because growing up i anticipated to be the one to travel and spontaneously meet an erratic person that swoons me with their life stories
From "woohoo!!" to blood curdling screams in a matter of seconds.
That's because: Emotion = Reality
i feel a little funny discussing the realness of a portrayal of a condition ive never experienced
im feeling awfully overwhelmed by everything right now the demands from mother the needs of my family trying to shield my dear husband from as much as possible the list goes on and on
In my experience I've also noticed his friends and got ditched by my girlfriend.
Yep. Learned my lesson this time.
I don’t know that they’re like that until the get in my feels and then BAM. Dbags
Also known as the song ice cream trucks play. I was wondering why it sounded so familiar!
Wow! Look at that spine shine! You handled her perfectly!
wow...u wanna say u were never toxic and u never rage okay if u can t do what I asked just go away ok???
I'm surprised [NAME] hasn't had a chance to be called up
😻 that's a line if I ever saw one
i also feel a strange sense of guilt about all the people who arent similarly situated to move to a different neighborhood
i have a feeling that even if this was the only line up there jesse might make the hike all over again just to finish this amazing project
This is how mafia works
Oh right I forgot [NAME] was on the show
I did this once with a chimichanga. I was 11 and I cried
Huh, never heard of that term before. Something new every day!
I watched the Lego thing with my 7 year old cousin and I was surprised at how quickly I became invested in it.
5 months until parole
Oh fuck. Is that legal?
You called me a troll and a liar and you're surprised that I sound "antagonist and confrontational"? Wow, you're impressive. Good talk.
**WAIT THAT WAS A REAL STORY!?!?!? WHAT THE FUCK**
i have also been feeling completely overwhelmed and so incredibly unappreciated
People don’t understand the word allegation anymore, or innocent until proven guilty.
And this is why I park my car in the woods when I wanna just chill. Thank you south jersey pines
You know this is really messed up and unacceptable, but it mainly forced the realization that I’ve never played with Omniknight.
Everyone's job is tough so why not treat everyone with respect?
So, it turns out the chants were projection as well.
Omg the face
i feel a bit surprised that motion capture films dont seem to me to have the visual richness and detail that full cgi films have
i feel like i have weird sugar issues that my hunger is all over the place
i understand that means i will have no luck for compensation
I'm speechless.
Just so you know the reason opponents were few in the 2018 election is because the opposition boycotted
It seems strange to me that [NAME] is still unsigned this close to the season.
Reminds me of series finally [NAME]. Serious and dashing.
I follow that account in tumblr, it’s satire. It’s basically what an incel criclejerk of one person would be.
I really hope she wasn’t trafficked. It’s more prevalent in the US than a lot of people realize :(
Okay, carry on then. Just thought I’d make sure you recognized that there was a difference.
Given the situation I actually think it was the best possible outcome. A great success.
Wow. Imagine being this stupid. Life must be so hard for you.
I don't care about [NAME] story but I surprisingly found myself liking Bristol's.
i feel like i quote him or talk about him much but it is only because i am continually amazed and nourished by his spirit and his understanding and excitement for life
oh, he was in the bathroom, they forgot to count him
i don t know if i would enjoy those books now but i still remember feeling enthralled with those characters and with the amish lifestyle presented
oh my [NAME]
He’s soft. No heart.
I can't believe you won!
OMG!!
oh shitttt. it’s upside down
It kind of surprised us how much of a feeling of control it gave us.
Wow dad, you took a baptismal for me
i will be honest it did feel a little strange being in the company of such greatness
im happier when im feeling curious and genuinely looking forward to the next page alone in my reading chair next to the heater curled up in a blanket than when im muddling through guild wars or wot
im not feeling overwhelmed by school just yet i only give that a week or so hah
i keep feeling pleasantly surprised at his supportiveness and also his ease in new situations
i i have all the predictable feelings loki is that guy i know from many many other fandoms im not impressed with me for my loki feelings
Opposite reaction to the right trying to demonize her. The obsession with her from the right is insane.
Predicted almost exactly what was going to happen. Still got me.
i admit to feeling bitterly surprised at how rapidly they have thrown in the towel
I couldn’t believe my ears. she’s unbelievable.
Wow i didn't really expect both the explosion and him to live
Damn. So you went back to an old medication and found it no longer worked for you??? I didn't even know that was possible.
this is why I love reddit
Once it became clear I was too old to have a family, yeah, it felt too old to bother with it.
That's not what he meant. He means the use of a lot of different hashtags.
That Moment when you suddenly find yourself in a 3 minute starring contest
We don't know anything yet till it happens. It's great to see everything think they know the eliminations order.....lol. you will be shooked
ahh yes I forgot to include steps 3a *and* 3b. thanks fam
Surprisingly, not a lot of people know though.
no its amazing.
Wow now I know there's a twist. Why even watch it?
This is what you get for starring in a mediocre movie
My god, [NAME]!
Wow im glad my uncle is dead , this sounds crazy .
i am feeling so stunned and sad about the earthquake in christchurch new zealand yesterday
A surprise to be sure! But a welcome one
i feel like amazing co screenwriter roberto orcis bizarre adoration of dubya the pampered bush son was responsible for this shit even though it was carried over from the amazing spider man which orci didnt co write
Well, flash bangs go bang, too, to temporarily deafen and disorient, so there's that.
He’s got no options. Not your problem. Have another wine! 😂
My grandparents were holocaust survivors. Seeing things like this and trying to comprehend the horrors that they had to endure really helps put my problems into perspective.
So I've just read your whole post. Wow. Your mum is a piece of work.
Did not expect it to work with a body on it..
i feel like i ve impressed a lot of the scientists with my ability to quickly pick up all the skills expected of a tech
I perform nostril waxing. It is surprising hardly painful at all. Feels so much better too!
I wondered what'd happen if I was away for too long from camp. So cool this happens
i love seeing what books resonate with my girls i love seeing their faces grow serious when characters face complications trials and obstacles and i love the discussions that come out of reading time as we talk about main ideas how the books made us feel and what may have surprised us
this is a thing? oh no
That and i realized that i have many lucid dreams where i know that i am dreaming. I never had lucid dreams before nofap
I wonder if Belpedio will get a chance up here at some point.
Ah yes. I remember we began with three.
Important part of this, surprising it's not there.
i always find the way to feel and be impressed
Amazing. And heartbreaking. I'm learning so much from little bits like that.
3:08am and my laughter has now turned into wheezing sobs
Downtown Charlotte at a pretty nice restaurant too Edit: missed the when part. This happened around spring 2017
Me, too. Was shocked to say the least.
I was in Korea in July and August, it's hot as humid hell. Spring and autumn are better.
wow, there's no way [NAME] should 'er scored that
Geez those heroes..
I can't believe he came in and 4 seasons in he managed to turn the team into this.
Just like that great historical fact about the [NAME] head being used to mark abused women's shelters in ancient Greece!
Surprised he didn’t get hit with a random drug test
I mean it sucks but that man looks deaded
Wow, guess my penis is small after all..
You were shot by a Vigilante!
Considering their plans, they won't have to spend too much time in order to consider it the rest of their life..
Unnecessary. This was painfully obvious
Yeah keep filming your kid kicking a dog in the face. I'm suprised this isn't on r/funny
Not unexpected this election was gonna be a brawl between him and [NAME] from the start.
that's weird... playing Smash Ultimate usually just makes me feel like drinking.
Woke is realizing the world doesnt revolve around you at its most basic level. Thats dumb?
Yeah it ringed a bell but i wasn't sure of the church
Oh gosh dang it
I don't remember the taste, but someone on my strange addiction tv show ate her late husband's ashes and described the taste.
I am well aware of how immature and inconsiderate men are capable of being, but thanks for the reminder. Baby.
Looks like wood. Could be wrong.
True! Remember the geocentric universe? Oh man, they even put [NAME] in jail. What a hoot!
i feel as if i am on hold somehow that ive been given a time for contemplation consolidation and it is a most curious feeling
i don t know how sasha fierce feels i m definitely curious about the future of beyonc s sound
If he would have landed that swing, it would have decapitated that guy.
I am surprised Facebook can't detect a non mobile device and redirect to the normal page.
I too rationalize how bad my my ex-girlfriend is now that she's gone. 8(
My god. I could have written this. This exact scenario happens to me too (including waking up at 5:30 on the weekend)
Had a stroke reading these.
Oh wow I didn’t realize that
This is how you get an armed revolution....
i cannot begin trying to understand how it must feel to be surprised by an earthquake or see the devastating pictures live to escape from a tsunami
Was not aware. I know it's bad but I rather keep my head in the sand on this one because I still want to like [NAME].
The irony here of course is that your degree becomes more valuable when fewer people are able to obtain it.
Omg that was the WORST
i feel is strange rel bookmark november a href http eagleandhammer
Shocked we didn't take him back and plunk him in the minors.
i still feel a little weird calling the ceo of my company bob but relented after he corrected me repeatedly
i was feeling strange downstairs i could still feel the dull sensation of the contractions but the nurse said she didnt want to check me for about an hour
Surprisingly all of my family keep their toasters on the work top despite being [RELIGION]/Unionist ?
What a very "centrist" thing to say.
[NAME], I forgot about that. Eight seconds was more than long enough to murder everybody in sight.
I really can't imagine someone saying that if the gender was reversed.
im sure youre not alone in feeling a little funny about enjoying art even black created and black endorsed art littered with a term that would brand you as hateful backward and racist with a capital r if you uttered it in conversation
I’m amazed how anti-government these people are. They have no understanding of what government does. Perhaps they should move to Somalia. No government there.
Wow, *only* 7 exes. You are definitely FA.
OmG pEyToN iSn'T gOoD eNoUgH tO hElP uS iN tHe PlAyOfFs! Dumbass Broncos fans circa December 2015.
Oh wow!!!
i will cry in front of my children and feel overwhelmed without a moment s notice
i thought it was very coincidental that i was listening to 808’s while doing this bullshit and that this question popped up unexpectedly. made me smile
I thought it was gen 2 that was affected by the dead batteries due to the internal clock?
Wow no wonder everyone is driving mopeds around. That's all there's room for.
Wow,29 turnovers. Something to talk about
The baby photos, holy fucking shit there's so many baby photos now.
I find it really strange how people align themselves with or against a politician so strongly.
Wow starters before 6 min mark?? Insane
i feel that im as curious as when i was a child
I'm starting to think that this whole DSJ trade thing is a bunch of BS.
Try peeling from one end and carry to the other, if you just lift up then your doing it wrong
She got exactly what she wanted.
I thought you were making a joke about AI not taking over while asking a bot to remind you ;)
Woo hoo!
Wow! I've never heard of a celebrity doing something so nice
wow! trust issues.
i feel as if im in some strange catholic vortex
i still feel amazed by its beauty diversity and joie de vivre
It’s pretty clear UBI is not going to actually Make the character interesting. We should stop deluding ourselves.
Maybe, part of growing up is realizing how little impact you have on the grand scheme of things.
im certainly not going to sit and tell you whats going on in my personal life but i feel that if you were ever curious about whats going in my life all youd have to do is watch the show
I had corrected myself but I deleted the original post now for people like yourself who don’t read fully before you get enraged and comment.
TIL that [NAME] is a guy.
i feel strange pangs of loneliness or emptiness bubble up
He had a poor year in 2000 but a really good year in 1999 that helped the Mets make the post-season.
The look on her face when she lies is like one I’d expect on a 6 year old who thinks he’s being cute.
I was just thinking how normal his legs and feet look!
[NAME] why are there so many guendouzi haters?
I'm not surprised at all considering, you know, buzzfeed
Ooooh, is that also an aspie thing? I have a lot of those moments here...
Wow, essential oils can now replace oxygen
Ahhh I misread your comment as “If I noticed a car on a flat bed with no straps.”
LOL, had me confused for a second. Didn't realize you had responded to another comment of mine as well.
When you're too stupid to realize they showed off character customization in the trailer...
My first thought was how bloody your hands are when your downed, You turned Blood and Gore off. Good man
oh my good
I didn’t think it was possible for one Twitter account to be so obnoxious, but here it is.
Wow, your posting history is a real... interesting ride.
I hate to say it but....... I quite like this as a format - the burger and fries look shocking though.
I see now, but at that time i just woke up and this was the first thread i saw hah
i knows is the boy makes her feel weird and yuuki doesnt know what to tell her
Thats who I thought it was too😂
i didnt feel surprised i didnt feel upset i didnt feel angry i didnt feel anything
Yeah that’s a bit odd, wouldn’t be surprised to see that change come gametime unless [NAME] is shook or something.
i love sunshine havent had much but the feeling of it on my shoulders as i walk around the yard is amazing
I didn't know [NAME] was a [NAME] Lord.
If you are feeding your two year old 1200 calories then you are fattening them up for the stew lady.
I think if you're sending and receiving texts longer than 10 words your marriage is doomed.
i feel amazing doctor
Wow. As much as I like pizza I would get sick of it if I were to eat it every single day.
Feeling bit better now, but the feeling as a whole will come back I know.
People are still playing bf1?Wow thats nice,I should play some games until more content drops for bf5.
It took a surprisingly long time for this to be seen by me on this sub.
Was expecting a horrifically broken ankle. You have posted the actually unexpected
Crazy he took 1 year contract instead of a stable 4 year contract. Kind of shows you how dumb the guy is, 1 injury is all it takes
That’s a real article ? Oh [NAME]...
We need a bench and a coach that realizes six foot three players aren’t small forwards.
i remembered seeing these pieces and feeling so impressed by them but seeing them again i was surprised i was blinded by my memories
Wow 4K!DS Kaede looks kinda decent
Glad to see Tael (wabi) on the list but surprised its not at the top.
I'm so glad I saw this!!! Now I know how to wash my face! I can't wait for the tooth brushing tutorial🤗
I actually had to rewind a few times because I found myself getting distracted because I was kind of bored.
You do realize that this is the sub for non-Trump supporters to come ask questions to [NAME] supporters. The OPs are all non-Trump supporters
Guy looks like average [NAME] at the gym. Reddit acts like he the new anabolic king 😂 I will go back to my cave now.
You're saying some surprisingly stupid things for someone named "[NAME]."
Thanks for gping to the effort, but i would be surprised if he read it and gave it the chance he have trump. Pleasantly surprised, though.
i am feeling a bit overwhelmed tired anxious etc
Geez, we still got about an hour left lol
Omg! There's one in every family. And every classroom.
Omg at this rate he's gonna be in the next smash bros
Oh [NAME], someone did it already, and it was 3 DAYS AGO O.O
oh fuck i've never been more sure we're gonna lose
i had a hard time focusing on my life and walked around feeling dazed and confused
im writing this blog post and feeling totally amazed at this wonderful life we lead
i often hear that i give a feeling like i m longer here and folks are surprised to hear that i m only years old hyphen
i sit here feeling dazed after spending most of the afternoon in a comatose state i realise that hours in a day is not enough to do things we really want to
i feel about my mommy amp me friends our friendships grew so naturally the strength of them surprised me
Because teams do dumb things when they’re desperate.
Ahh. I forgot that was a thing with large breeds.
She completely understands, that's why she does this.
This is horrifying
Ok now I’m wondering what you’re on
I love how they keep getting smaller 🙊
The real power move is to write "Have a nice day" even if you lose.
He's mainly on Twitch now. Before I unfollowed him some time ago he did some YT content from time to time.
Wow I got a virus from just looking at this post
Yeah I've become extremely cynical since I started making these sorts of realizations.
Thanks I got sorted here anyway.
i am not desperate for a job and don t really feel impressed to go find a job because i have one img src http randythomas
That's true, but I was surprised to find absolutely ZERO information about a person who , presumably, has quite a bit of power and influence.
I’m so glad I’m not the only one. Since everything happened I’ve always thought I was just overly sensitive
Wow, someone had a lot of golds to give!!
i even feel surprised if its dark outside
Teleport, people forget you need a mask in a bank safe because of cameras, so put on a mask :D
Imagine ordering this. "1000 burgers to the white house? Yeah ok buddy"
"Think about how dumb the average person is; then realize that half of them are dumber than that!" - [NAME]
i feel so amazed ive had views in the past week
Wow. You basically found my dream woman and gave her up.
I realize that’s the joke and I want to know what’s funny about it
Wow you’re mom is truly living by the love first motto that is [RELIGION].
He was going for a new record for fastest to the bottom.
Oh a cat !
With the weather we are having, it is a surprise when a battery works.
i feel a remembrance of the strange by justin aryiku falls into the latter category
i remember feeling surprised that i had the option not to listen
i could spend hours on a set and feel amazing
Wonder where all the shit is.
Wow, you probably live in a messed up place.
I had a big omnibus edition. It was great, but a good 4-5 inches thick!
Wow, great news bro!
if he would only have any marketable skills, alas I think he is going to serve hard time
doesn't surprise me tbh
Ain’t that the truth. August is Hell!!
Both. I have a feeling that broth was ruined a long time ago, in a footballers bedroom not so far away.
Oh I never knew you could do that
i think many may dislike it as i do and still feel they should be impressed by it the educated and privileged may now be more susceptible to the mass media than the larger public they re certainly easier to reach
Surprised Colorado ain’t got one the way things have been going here past couple years
Ignorance is the worst thing that can happen to someone
I don’t think there is mouse and keyboard support yet
Wow, that crazy. Hope this doesn't happen again with you. Stay safe!
i know so many people rave about it that i m feeling a bit weird
I saw a youtube video once where someone was a “failed abortion”. They were perfectly normal. I guess the doctor was just an idiot.
i can feel dazed by all those choices so much so i find myself standing still in front of that blank page unable to make a move
i bit my lip as he slightly whispered this will feel weird tell me if i hurt you
Because of reading comprehension fails? Maybe we should all be reading more. :)
I have so much to think about
i am feeling a bit overwhelmed here
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** CrimsonEagl3! ^(hug)
I feel like I'm watching a scene in an action movie but with penguins
Utah roads are definitely some of the best out there. Anywhere else I have lived has had either similar or worse, or waaaay waaaay worse
That's why I added the edit
I’m shocked at how big that defeat is.
I didn’t know that. Gtk
I was pleasantly surprised that I couldn’t think of anything I broke at my last retail job but... you’re right, that was it
Wow holy shit I didn't realize Reddit has become main stream media great analogy bud
Wow, /r/noisygifs for real. First time I genuinely felt I could hear it.
I laughed at this post. Not because I find your pain amusing, but your casual use of the word "boner" kinda ruined the serious tone.
thats right i do remember you!
Also put icecream under the taco for a nice sundae suprise 👍
no wonder i never noticed because i skip the pilot everytime i restart the series
I’m anxious, he’s shy. We’re both teenagers and from what I understand his parents won’t let him have one
I thought this was about [NAME] from Melbourne bc of the flair, until I started reading it.
Makes us wonder what its going to be like for my children's generation..
Omg it’s like you’re taking the words from my mind.
It just feels like everything is so false. If I can't care about myself why would anyone else.
Savannahs? Like 30 lb dogs in a cat skin and they look amazing to boot.
No, just act surprised if anything comes of it.
I've heard of alligator boots, but I always thought that meant something else.
yes!!! Once I realized my body wasn't wanting as much food i put my self on intermittent fasting and i love it
I thought that I was lagging. yeah, its really bad.
HALLELUJAH!!!! YOUVE SEEN THE LIGHT!!!!
Remember when he first got the ball this season and nobody cheered or knew him? Oh how times have changed.
When mum comes home and I realise it's hug time
What a cringeworthy load of kak this is. Wow I have no words.
And shockz isn’t? And he wouldn’t be too much of a threat for... fuck I forgot who’s on rec honestly
I can’t believe he’s playing the live action sonic the hedgehog
That's why many places have it at 18 or 19. It's not like 16 and 25 are the only options.
I used to have anxiety when calling people but I no longer have them at least just 20-30% anxiety.
i feel like falling in love with her is part of being amazed at how she makes our family so much better she tells the advocate
Last event went well, 40+ signups. Looking forward to some new faces this time. Special surprise for the winner!
Really? It was clearly an accident.
If you want to know what kind of people her parents are you can google her. He name is [NAME]
I love the “I’m sleeping” and then the realization
Wow. Yeah does your place autograt at 8 or more ? So sorry 😐
I thought it was illegal to practice ninjutsu
No Brexit is also an option.
Interesting how the before photos are clearly yellow-tinted, as can be seen by the difference in the skin complexion
No they are not free and no they will not give u one for free. I tried.
Except you continue to lose calories well after you finish running...so way off
Yes I have been getting my own therapy but this month was a wash for that because of work. Back at it next week.
Well, that’s not a position many conservatives hold except for the [NAME], but I appreciate the honesty.
Sometimes i don't even comment anymore, i think if something is actually worth my time or anyone's for that matter.
You can still check your feelings and then see how they’re messing up your facts.
Ooh I thoughy today was last day. Damn it I spent 10 hrs playing HvV today😑.
I’d kind of be kind of shocked if Chili wants us to hit mostly ground balls, especially with how hard the shifts are nowadays.
Oh whoops, I misread the original comment
It wouldn’t even have been a month yet though... I can’t believe this bootlicking nonsense is upvoted here. [NAME] supporters everywhere these days smh
.....I should have thought of this!
The only time petty revenge backfired lol at least from what I understood unless I missed something
I’m blown away by how many people know this.
Wow, the interview with her mom really made that clip.
Lol at illegals paying taxes. Most do not pay any or pay very little.
Omg, the hands touch the chicken, go off screen and then touch the salt. My mind is contaminated with Salmonella.
i still feel funny writing that like maybe i should call her my spirit guide or really observant cheerleader or something
Wow, you must have no idea what medium of exchange means.
id love to know in the comments i feel like its a funny thing but i always love reading about how people schedule their days
As far as I know, it's still bugged, so just reroll it
What comment.. When he said I dont think so, or when he realized he was on TV then said I cant say
And ate it. No wonder he died.
i talk to my real estate agent for some advice on how to proceed not that i feel she will offer much again im not too impressed with her
I didn’t actually know that. I wish I was surprised.
i feel absolutely amazed at the unfolding story of my life
Wow! Dude has aged well. Maybe I need some of that snek oil!
I’m surprised alcohol isn’t entirely sold by the state like it is in many states in the East.
thc concentrations in weed are irrelevant everyone just dabs now anyway
There was a weirdly similar post to this on LegalAdviceUK maybe a couple of days back.
i always want nemo by my side and sleeping without her now feels weird even though it doesnt happen often that i get to
i think back to everything that happened in the book im left feeling stunned
i feel a bit strange saying it
It is incredibly dangerous which is why there are professionals for this, also these professionals use a saber and not a kitchen knife
I'm disappointed by him not bragging about his 99 level atheism.
I've learned that guys are dumb and to not listen to them about women's beauty stuff🙄
My partner and I have 17 years between us! Best and healthiest relationship I have been in :)
...oh goddamn it, that's in my sales territory.
Omg so short but such a bop! I’m so excited for her album
if its not obvious everyone is having issues with this scam site
It's the great irony of The Resistance©. It's hard to be a rebel when most of the powerful institutions of the country are on your side
This reminds me - I need to feed my horse......thanks AOC
I finally know where [NAME] is: drunk at a train station.
I would be surprised if [NAME] doesn't let you in. I would write a letter to [NAME] and explain the situation they might make an exception.
sometimes i look up at the stars and i wonder if [NAME] is masterbating to our conversation somewhere out there
How did this not get marked as meta? Tried posting something similar here and it was instantly flagged as “meta commentary about the sub” and blocked.
i woke up feeling amazed and then i realized that a dream is still a dream
Whoa, wasn't expecting a rational take on this here on reddit. Well done.
It isn't only a representation of the economy, but how poor most people's financial sense and budgeting skills are.
I never noticed this, how cool. I will keep an eye out for it! Another death foreshadowed by something small.
We've had so many stories about [NAME], that we do NOT need any about Florida lady. LOL
im sorry that there wasnt more humor in this post but im not feeling all that funny
I read these comments assuming the context was the Government. Actually it's probably accurate for both TWD and the Government.
I’ve come to the same realization. So now if its less than a pound I’m offering free shipping.
I just can't believe she had the nerve to call both [NAME] and [NAME] low ability
Oh I know. [RELIGION] is the most severe form of brainwashing on the planet. There’s absolutely nothing like it. It blows my mind.
i can recall feelings of the time we were in coolum whilst laying in my own bed the other day and it s funny how he s calling me and we are speaking everyday now
I'm honestly shocked that the Bucks have more subs than us. I was surprised the Wolves had more too.
Ah what a bummer! Better kill them herons & spoonbills!
I was wondering if that would happen. The story I first read was crazy.
Was getting ready to comment about this one. Was really surprised how much I liked it but can see why it’s not for everyone
I am literally dumbstruck. Reality has been brought into question. Top tier YouTube comments though.
My name is [NAME] too. It's so strange hearing my favorite bravolebs say it on TV.
I used to build a ramp and jump over other kids on my bike ala [NAME]... I was amazed at the time.
Suffice it to say, I understand why you want to build one, although I disagree with both the solution and how you arrived at the conclusion.
Yknow that is one of the main reasons farmers have a lot of kids right? Cheap labor.
Everybody talks about this but I wonder if it increases the chances of prostate cancer. Do you know?
Omg my 3yr old kept rubbing it all over his face the other day too!! 😆
Wow, what a controversial opinion.
I wonder if the school closures with MLK holiday reduce the priority to plow ...
i feel shocked robbed and shaken of everything i thought i wanted
i started going down the adventure feeling totally ludicrous and wondering if this wasnt all just a waste of my time thats when i saw this screenshot
i feel to have these amazing people in my life
His! Watch out! That cars coming straight for you! Omg guys she’s arguing with ferrah, she can’t hear us help!
Wait so you can get an acre of rainforest for $35? I mean, it would be way cheaper at that volume but still that's real cheap
i believe its possible to be joyful and full of thanks while feeling overwhelmed and exhausted by life
i feel quite surprised that i have a fairly significant amount of blog readers
That I was unbreakable. It took some serious injuries in “high school” until I realized that I wasn’t.
I didn’t realize people cared so much about phones.
Wait there are more psychopaths in this world than are diagnosed? Color me shocked
Really takes ya by surprise anyway though, huh?
i feel like a strange antisocial creature difficult for the cooperation
What was the first insult from [NAME] to [NAME]? I think I missed it
Oh man, I just realized my city taxes are paying for [NAME] nonsense!
Alarming! 🥀🥀🥀 🚓🍩🚓🍩🚓
Omg I had to crank my tv because I thought it was just low volume
I’m surprised nyxl hasn’t done that with their overloaded dps roster, but a possible upcoming import limit might be the issue
Thought [NAME] had a bad game. For such a strong player he didn't get to keep much of the ball when in possession.
The "people's assembly" is the latest ruse by neoliberals since they realised they have little chance of winning if another referendum was called.
I gave up on the show over and over before I adopted 'just skip around'. Ended up finishing all of 3-6.
Bye that's it for me. I'ts all over.
i have to fight from feeling overwhelmed by it all
Oh, I think I misread it somewhere. Good news then! Hope [NAME] will use him next season. L
**I can't believe she held out for a full 24 hours before flip-flopping**
Stranger things have happened.
i feel surprised because i didnt expect it
Oh! I didn't realize they were also vegan.
I wonder if it's a deal issue and they are allowed, again, to slip away in the last minute.
Ohhhhh that couple!
Ngl, I'll probably use the argument you made here with my, ugh, Republican friends once we get closer to the elections.
[NAME]? I'd be surprised if he plays.
It’s like she’s forcing a fake British accent it’s so strange
I like how he wrote many of the TRUE [NAME]. I wonder what a fake [NAME] believes in.
Omg, the kitty bites the knee and then looks at the human to gauge reaction.
I love that show, that theme song is my ringtone, I never thought I'd see that anywhere else haha
Jitter mod SG12 has been a thing for awhile now, it's a wonder you're just now seeing it.
i felt fine when we got there but after a short while i started feeling really funny
Oh I (and he) did not realize that. I’ll correct him the next time I see him.
i can remember feeling really amazed at how i could settle down in my playroom read bombsite conservatory and find myself escaping into a whole new place altogether
Looks weirdly fake Edit: turns out it’s real
I'm shocked you still have service. Mine doesn't play, they are cold.
I was aware I would be going to hospital and would be showing the teacher up (should have mentioned it)
I was eating watching tonight's episode. OMG I never will again. You all know what I mean. The opening scene!!!
Sure you can, it’s called abortion, we’ve done it literally millions of times
You have more patience than I do.
My money is on [NAME]. Doubt [NAME] is back up next yr. [NAME] looked.good last preseason. I was surprised he didn't beat [NAME] then.
amendments are allowed on monday to mays deal, i'd be amazed if no one kills her deal
I CANT BELIEVE HER WIG STAYED ON WITH ALL THAT CAKE!!!! [NAME] tape really does hold back all, y'all. Alaska who?
I feel like environmentalism has lost steam over the past ten to twenty years as the call to action has gotten too large in scope and abstract.
Sounds like some people could just be a bit confused and maybe not been to a drive thru before
I’m genuinely surprised that [NAME] didn’t believe [NAME] lipstick speech - like that shit genuinely moved me
i had on my plate without the stress of feeling completely overwhelmed
i was feeling this really weird sense of isolation that would have creeped me out pretty bad if i was alone
In the time I've been seeing this he has already lost 3
That helps. I would've never guessed you'd style mannequins.
I know I haven't been myself lately but listen! I can do better and I can change!
I know right! Lego really hurts!
i still feel slightly strange with sorrow but i know its not something of god but of satan
A 100years? That's far too long dude. Reminder: ww2 was 73 years ago...
i see lyman i just feel more and more amazed about us
Oh no.
im alright my dude, didn’t realize how dark this was i might take it down
Oh he dead
i got off in my previous post about how much the app maker leeches upset me at this conference and so i feel like i should mention who i was most impressed with there
Lmao there referring to what [NAME] said in episode 3 🤦‍♂️
Wow. I could have gone my entire life without witnessing this limpdicked haemorrhoid rank the severity of sexual assault based on who the victim is.
I can’t believe I’m agreeing with [NAME].
im feeling amazed with my california ness at the moment currently sitting by the pool drinking a wine spritzer out of nagalene connecting via google wifi and using stellarium to figure out the stars
Wow. I didn’t realize a simple medical term like obesity judged a person’s laziness and intelligence. 🙄
i feel like the hymn says i stand all amazed at the love jesus offers me confused at the grace that so fully he proffers me
I usually just refer to it as concealed carry. Cuts down on some of the tla overload
[NAME] isn’t a rocket scientist. I was surprised about the Thailand thing tbh I did expect it to be true haha.
The stressors of the hotel industry are much the same as a restaurant. It doesn't appeal to me
So much for the offensive burst in the first half. Lol.
The comment was so terrible. I can’t believe it made the final cut.
This is what it's like to have a heart attack in the Cars universe.
I know I don't know the Spanish alphabet but I can't believe I didn't catch that before
lol back in the day before the rise of BitTorrent, Russian ISPs used to run DC (DirectConnect) hubs
I'm surprised not to see whining about [NAME] books more often, speaking of children.
Are you surprised. He doesn’t do anything with himself
Here in the UK I’m pretty sure I’ve never seen a taco
Shows you how important posing is...
"cool little surprise" ow youtubers: NEW HERO NEW SKINS NEW MAPS NEXT WEEK?!
I was impressed by your company in the initial post, but now I see they tried to fire you for their mistake. Glad you had some backing!
Poor [NAME] doesn't deserve that!
Kinda reminds me of Arctic Monkeys' 'Favourite Worst Nightmare' cover art
I feel like I've seen a comment like this on another post
i feel weird knowing mine died when i wasn t around
>This weird exploding ice [NAME] I haven't seen before? Wow. I... that's some ick right there.
Modern buildings are horrible.. I’ve felt like this before. Stars and birds still fill me with a sense of wonder most often.
i just feel more dazed and alone in the end
I'm fairly new to this group and just realized my nightmares started the day I joined. However, I still somehow love it!
Just found UPPERROOM a few months ago and really love them! All the rest are staples in my playlists too!!!
I'm surprised they've gone this long not knowing [NAME] swears a lot.
And you wonder why Labour get's a bad name for anti-Semitism with statements like that. Ok hun.
You guys will be shocked to know it is another cut of the Ga Spa vid.
Yeah after an hour he started walking and eating. But for now he’s staying inside my home for the week
This is a restaurant in a hotel so it had a strange vibe.
Wow. That is shockingly uncool.
NO absolueltey wrong. WE MUST PRIORITIZE GETTING CORPORATE MONEY OUT OF POLITICS OR WE WILL NEVER BE ABLE TO SOLVE ANOTHER PROBLEM IN THIS COUNTRY.
Same.. I wonder why we catastrophize over these minor things so much and others seem to be able to forget them..
I was flabbergasted when I saw it.
The moral of the story is obviously you should only engage women with whom you have a prior business arrangement. I.e., whores.
I always flew out from Edinburgh. First time flying out from Glasgow and I was shocked at how small and... dingy it felt in comparison.
I always thought the swat was trash because I was looking at the MP TTK and only did I realise recently that MP guns and BO guns handle differently
I thought the sane until I got threatening emails from HR
Because no one in this world wants to see you happy and satisfied man!
There's a surprising amount of [NAME] in this thread.
Reminds of kissing my first girlfriend. [NAME], we had no idea what we were doing.
Probably. Wouldn't be surprised if our current generation essentially lives forever...or well until something like climate change puts a stop to it.
i feel that this is something i m curious about as someone who listens to current music but i realized that songs become weird and their unique vibe gets lost when non korean songs are translated into korean
I'm actually surprised none of his wives have stabbed him in his sleep already. Now he has secret service protection 😋
i feel a little funny about being so open and personal in my sandblog but if admitting all of this helps me achieve my wish than it s worth it
i feel the tug of the fabric against my thighs and butt i am overwhelmed with the feeling that i am just too fat
I know it’s perfectly cooked but something just grossed me out about it. Oh well
Oh my god.... They used [NAME] voice!
I remember being a kid and everything I did was haraam like even looking at people was haraam :/
I'm curious as to how HIMYM affected you, if you would like to explain. I've watched it so many times.
A Canadian Breakfast for €0?!? Unbelievable, what a world we live in.
This must be what blasphemy laws felt like in the Middle Ages.
Oh I missed that part. So the cheeky poster was referring to that crash. ;0
i feel could be amazing but like wonder woman is rarely handled well
I reported an old man for terrible driving and the police actually took it seriously (pleasantly surprised). It's worth a try!
Oh wow, you are strong did you report him?
It has no value, it's just a representative of it like all other money.
Kinda is. But whatever. Complaining on reddit works too. Except it doesn’t.
It's not murder if he wants to die, it's euthanasia. She doesn't necessarily have to be the one to do it.
i am a boy i like girls they are pretty and i like it when they smile at me but it makes me feel funny
i don t usually blog when i m feeling this way but i m actually curious to see if i can put it into words
I realised hatred does only more of self damage. Over time even the hatred fades.
i thought about it a lot this weekend because i watched the fault in our stars which is about two kids who have cancer so that made me feel really weird and anxious
i started back at work i have to admit that ive been feeling a little overwhelmed
Really wow, what a steal
Wow. He might actually lose Iowa
Wait.....What? You do know that's not how it works, right?
Honestly after he was so reasonable and calm throughout this confrontation, the hatchet man tattoo made me chuckle. Definitely unexpected.
I wonder if we need to find a way, as a people, to not be so dependent on the government.
That's still a fucking insane number. 70% is goddamn insanity, and the only reason you're alright with it is because you're unaffected.
Sure. But [NAME] was well aware of the problem re GST and didn’t mention it until he was filling in his pension application.
Wow did you really just scam me😔
Reminds me of [NAME] place too.
Yes, good for Destiny and Bungie, I wonder if they will return to Microsoft, remain independent or sign with another company.
I'm most amazed by implicit suggestion that you still aren't showing any signs. i mean coming out should be sign enough right?
I did misread i saw 23-27
You "finally" realized this? This sounds like a journal entry from 2003.
I assume breaking a bone but idk, I've never broken a bone
So we're the 2nd richest team.
Trespassing in Texas and you’ll get shot. I would’ve shot them.
Not exactly the cream of the meme crop there. And on a personal note I don't think ironically bad memes are funny.
I LITERALLY SAID THAT TO MY FRIEND
i looked back at her feeling myself desperately curious
i feel slightly dazed and tired and angry but that is a normal emotion and mood for me to experience from day to day or week to week
i was cut into feeling pain that shocked me
The last few years have really woken me up to how *misleading and harmful* journalism is to our society.
I have a 4k screen lol. I didn't know you could do custom css rules. Thanks for the help.
Oh yeah its that other chick who looked way to young to be in highschool
Omg lmfao!!
Surprised they aren't already doing this kind of stuff for Zion.
did not know she speaks fluent Ukrainian.
Great if your traveling abroad is limited or predominantly confined to the continent. Otherwise not so much.
I recognized a word!
i feel like i shouldn t be that amazed with a degree in biology i was blown away
To be fair I was in that crowd and there was barely any room to move.
i feels shocked looking at the elder fitch twin
Yep, especially if the mob on reddit is any indication of the group-think that’s going on in 2019.
Took me a few time watching it to realize that was a man and not a child.
Yeah but it is what it is. Apparently I wasnt as clear as I could have been either.
What age are you? I didn't realise you were a child until now.
OMG this is gaming history in the making. Lol I can't w8!
OMG, is this the one that wore white? 😳
I don't think aspergers causes me distress or anxiety. I think having to live in a society that privileges neurotypical modes of interaction causes me distress and anxiety
Other than family, I neither remember the last time I got a compliment
And the amount of crops we eat is destroying river systems and forests. Not to mention the animals killed inadvertently during harvest.
I didn't know [NAME] was in a j rock band
You realize I hate trump right? You’re super annoying I’m not dealing with this
i was aware of feeling so surprised so disappointed i don t think i ever really thought i d have to have a c section
im more attracted to him because i feel that he knows that hes weird and being a weirdo myself i figure things might work out
Could be to lead the police on the wrong trail to delay being caught
i may give up much sooner than my days if i feel like im gonna die but ive been curious for a while
i admire makes me feel amazed at my life
i dont know why but i had started to feel the weird pressure of a largely silent audience and with it a falsely inflated sense of importance in expressing myself and my ever so articulate opinions to said audience
Wow, whereabouts in Croydon are you it wasn't this bad where I am!
Ah! I couldn’t remember his name!
i was feeling like a shocked rat in a skinner box experiment
I am truly sorry, I did not realise you thought immigration had no bearing on brexit. I shall not overestimate your intellectual abilities in future, i promise.
Well at least we won't have to spend as much time watching this.
Haha I actually didn't know about its existence! I honestly wonder how much of that map I've actually seen though. So many hours. Lol
Almost feel bad for him, but then I realized he did this to himself.
My first thought was, "What is a [NAME]?" Then I realized I was being dumb.
Omg a drop pass worked. 👀
5 hours late!!!!!!!!! omg.
Was thinking the same. But watching the fight, one time def had it
Oh we’re TANKING tanking
Wow, sorry, bruh. I didn’t realize we were in the presence of genius. Please elaborate.
Oh shit. You’re that bet welcher aren’t you?
i feel about politics and i have been very shocked at myself for going into this realm though i think that it is at this time the most important considering everything that has been going on in the world stage and in the usa
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **3rd Cakeday** somenbjorn! ^(hug)
Same here, she left the house we bought and is giving me till the end of the month. Woooo
The only thing that stops a bad toddlers with a gun is a good toddler with a gun.
Said it all year, I think losing [NAME] hurt this team in more ways than we'll ever know.
I've seen this multiple times and wonder what happened to her after this.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. He removed his name off the records long ago.
I just HAD to tell at her parents and pass on my misinformation! 🙄
That's an unexpected pair of fighters.
i had the feeling he didnt and he actually seemed impressed with me or i should say my work and my range of skills
Haha! I was right :D.
I like surprises.
Maybe time to see a doctor or psychologist? Although a bit of social anxiety is normal and not necessarily the disorder.
Wow thank you! I’m gonna do that!
Wow, hearing him swear, thats gonna be something
Talk to your grandparents... you will be surprised on how much general knowledge they have to share.
i feel like in spite of having so many amazing things to be thankful for life is just one big demanding wave after wave and i m being tossed around like a rag doll
Exactly, or they thought he was saying it jokingly. The delusion these men live with continues to amaze me
i feel curious and bewildered
A surprise, but a welcome one
i am feeling quite curious and concerned
Yup, that's exactly what happened when the alt-right took over the sub. So glad I won't get banned for saying that now.
I mean I like the park and I was surprised by that poll too
i would feel weird having my dads hand on my stomach for any amount of time especially for several minutes while he waits to feel taryn jumping around in there
The [NAME] trade to get [NAME] wasn't too shabby either.
im still feeling the effects today in that my body isnt particularly impressed by me at the moment and it feels a but stressed out trying to sort itself out
im feeling so sally field like these days surprised by all the love and always with a brown mop of hair atop my head
At least you can admit you value one innocent person's life over another. What a shock it's the rich politician over the security guard.
Breaking News: Man Write Op-Ed About What’s Bad For Women
Maybe she realized that what she did was extremely stupid so she was trying to hide her face so that her shame would somehow disappear.
Sneaky ass ESPN changing their app so I almost accidentally purchase ESPN+ for the low price of 4.99 a month.
What? They all look entirely different. Yes, they are all handsome, masculine men, but that's it.
I’m surprised the comments and views on that channel haven’t gone crazy.
What is the job you are going to college for? Now days some jobs are more accepting with tattoos
All that shows is them loaning money when Liverpool make losses, which seems to have happened more than any of us realised. We don't make a loss
Which Ottawa should have done with him 2 seasons ago.
Wait, WHAT?!?!
I read that as "tarantula Mounting" and was pleasantly surprised
I did not know that, and tbf I did completely neglect my MH between 18-23. Too busy with sex, drugs and alcohol.
Wow, really? I hope this kind of event doesn’t happen that often.
No he’s played his first season at center then finished as the starter at right tackle for every year after.
That was the only place I saw and their pictures looked horrible. Might just have to go to the source and vacation in southern Asia
i feel surprised by my reaction because as a younger woman i always thought i would be a darling older woman
I noticed this while watching it and cracked up... it was so cringey! It was after they watched their wedding montages.
It would take something extraordinary for me to turn down a 20% raise.
Oh damn, is that who made that up?
Get rid. This is a toxic relationship that is making you unhappy. You are making all efforts for nothing in return.
I'll admit that's a bit surprising, since it's such a massive international hub. But beggars can't be choosers I guess.
i find myself still feeling curious when i log into sl
People change their minds when trust is broken.
i never knew i needed this
really thought he'd hit a bird for the longest time.
i even like to play with my negative feelings by becoming curious
[NAME] with that birthday gift
I’m in ND too and I’ve maybe seen two people use studded tires in the two years I’ve lived here.
Done that. Body dysmorphia makes them look the same to me 🤷
I didn't see anything in that comment referring to a cactus.
I didn't realize it was that common of a thing for guys to do xD
Wow, they are actually struggling against the Hawks for 3 full quarters.
Dude couldn’t see he had a spool of hair growing on his face?!
i feel lola falls under this strange demographic
i began to feel curious and tried to percieve who i was beneath my pride and why i am who i am
I guess I can see how someone thousands of miles away would say that, but its far from the truth.
Wow...Mean [NAME] passed away today. RIP
I've never seen a more adorable tumble
I was surprised when they sewed them together instead of hot gluing them.
i feel many readers are amazed by the many ways the whitley family has influenced hollywood and continues to influence today
i sat silent and open mouthed as he rattled off the reasons why he loved me the special times we had shared which had confirmed his feelings and was amazed that they were the same reasons and times together that made me realize how much i loved him
I think you misunderstood me. I wanted to say that it was beyond stupid 😊
Oh you know they’re BOTH going for it.
Im fine with complaining. A little surprised he's complaining without playing or even reading the patch notes since they were released.
Thank [NAME] , surprising he doesn't want the mets deal
I do that anytime I see something pointy. I'm just like, "I wonder how it would feel to stab my eye with that.
ive been reading again and feeling pleasantly surprised to find my reading list contained four similar books a fine chance to compare and contrast differ
oh my [NAME]
Nutter is a great word for it. I haven't even gotten into her claim that she is psychic yet. That's a story for another day.
i think it is characteristic for la liga, in germany that would be atleast +3
And feminism, the movement that started with fighting for the right for women to vote hates elections.
The internet never ceases to surprise
I was wondering what that was and now, I need to go get some brain bleach.
Wow, are you me? No one is a fan of season 1 but I definitely do this. There are little gems despite [NAME].
Wow this is getting huge
I am glad I'm not the only person who noticed that bit of WTFuckery. 🤣
I’ve always wondered why they play at ear splitting volume instead of one where you can enjoy the music.....
This is peak Dundee.
Oh no! That’s my favorite! Nothing like losing an organ to get you to eat healthier.
That's one of the reasons why I'm wary 😂
I’d rather give up masturbation. No time for it anyway when I work.
Holy shit!!
It is. I mean official translation is coming every 7 days, but leaks go day before (Korean)
He reminded me more of [NAME] last year. His lumbering skating this year makes him look different.
Whoa, settle down big texter!!!! Not even sure how that happened?
“Wow. Just .. wow. Read a book, sweatie!”
I think it’s best to leave this to [NAME] Inheritance tax is discussed at 2:00 redistribution of Wealth
Omg yes feels like being new born.
Wow so much younger but he sounds mature
i feel like i need to emphasize that because i was very impressed with the color of it
i feel so dazed a href http twitter
i didnt feel as amazed as i expected their nail area is quite small and isnt very posh and cushy like i hoped
i feel you might be quite amazed if ahead of you begin your diet program you continue to keep a a href http www
Omg its hannibal cooper
Oh damn I'm a clemson student I swore I had a flair on here
I wonder how [NAME] prepares his food.
Omg, there is a wallet made out of a dead squirrel on that sub! *SUBSCRIBED*
Ohhhhh man, too real. I spent way too many years with full on raccoon eyes and just accepting that's what makeup was.
Wait what? I don’t get it?? Help.
i hardly feel they have any wow factor at all until i saw how stunned liv was at the entire concept
You realize this is the university, right? Not the hospital. They're not the same entity.
He was the best hitter in baseball 2017 ST. That's not a joke. What happened since is a few things, but he was.
The smell of pipes and cigars reminds me of my grandpa.
Very surprised he didn't frog leap at the guy the close the distance
Wooah :o Didn't know [NAME] had a son xD
Obviously, there's only a few inches, but I could never really see any improvement. i thought it would be a good supplement option for you.
Lol. I realize that. I know plenty of people like y'all
Wow, talk about being [NAME].
The shocking thing about this all is that she seems to be British born. I'd expect this from immigrants, not those born in the UK.
i just feel overwhelmed thinking about it
i dont watch a whole lot however when i do i turn off the tv and feel stunned
They were pretty cool in, like, 2010, but then everyone seemed to realize that you could write on the wipeboard with the same effect.
Opposites attract! I thought the same thing when he helped her cook Thanksgiving.
Omg [NAME]! One of my favorite bb players
i spent a lot of time feeling a bit stunned that they thought i was that awesome
You guys really took this loss well. I'm stunned at how not-salty you minor leaguers are taking it. Totally not full of excuses and what-ifs.
i am feeling quite overwhelmed
Clear lake is really nice (I’ve lived there for 5 years) and I’ve heard clear lake school district treats their teachers well.
Back in the seventies and eighties we all did this and it was no big deal.
Might get in trouble with the mother for assuming she's single though. This has happened to me when using miss.
What did I just read
i feel amazing when i lift
i can legitimately offer to anyone in the program somehow i feel they would be less than impressed by adrasteius and eulalias adventures tho i submit that they are fan freaking tastic
Exactly. How that woman has survived two no confidence votes amazes me.
i am feeling overwhelmed by daily responsibilities by expectations of my family and job by the demands on my time by my physical tiredness by the feeling that my burdens will overtake me by financial hardships by
WOW HOLY SHIT
It is honestly just garbage, I'm surprised they're allowed to be ads
OMG I looked at this they're coming I can hear the boots.
Wow! You were either a very precocious child or still lived at home when your wisdom teeth came in.
i think im getting the feeling that were the weird ones for using dryers most of the time
I knew a guy named [NAME]. Always wondered what his middle name was.
i remember feeling shocked that he had called me religious
Well I was balding at 22 so I didn't have choice lol
That mantra got me through my first 5 years!
I couldn’t believe that. I’ve been mad but never enough to throw my PHONE! GIRL, what is you DOIN’?
Oh, so that's where I left my cigar
[NAME] just think of how overworked her liver and kidneys must be!!
i stared up at him amazed by the feeling and as equally amazed that nothing else was happening
Why is it ghetto, though? You could've used any other word to describe the house.
Pretty normal! I have a friend who is exactly the same :)
That's how mafia works
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** aerosvision! ^(hug)
i did in fact feel very strange
Wow two shitty reactions out of order, judging by the way [NAME] looks at you the sweetest.
It's this kind of fear that made me make this
That escalated quickly.
Idk why you're surprised. [NAME] and [NAME] had identical philosophies. It's why the offense didn't change when he came back.
ho boy are you in for a surprise
Well one would believe they have learned their lesson regarding nuclear
i feel in retrospect if i have the ability to think back that all this history stuff and the miles upon miles of newsprint that has carried my feature articles impressed and impacted the readership the way it was intended
Yes, I realize that. All my other relationships have been a year or longer but even a month into those I was miserable
Considering that the majority of people who play poker still open limp, I'm surprised these posts aren't more common.
i.e. the 13th, 14th, 15th of the [RELIGION] month
i can remember what it feels like to be enthralled by him i cant actually feel it
So, they want a more profitable split? Surprised they wouldn't go for the Discord store then. Didn't it offer even better a split?
Damn. I didn't realize they just aren't getting paid right now.
You know what you’re right, not with risking my CC info. Good thing I was too lazy to do it right away.
i feel very weird about so much of my psychological safety coming from noah providing money
i came home still feeling stunned and in need of rest i received a call from a dear elderly cousin marie to say she called an ambulance for herself and would be going to the hospital
i feel about strange brew
Same here. But I thought "[NAME]" is a fitting name.
That sounds intelligent. Wonder why you don’t have a job you have to interview for.
I forgot about that. 😂
I would be so pissed if I was part of that coaching staff. That was unbelievable.
i feel amazed knowing that it had been even bigger
My goodness I didn't even know this existed. This is my first time seeing something like this. Pretty cool stuff.
Wauw! Those weapons are awesome!!
What the actual heck.... Like I just don't....I cannot
I'm more surprised the dash cam was functioning properly. Usually around these incidents 3 of them were not recording and one had the lens cap on...
I am only sharing what my friends said, what their experience was. I found that a bit surprising.
i help busy overworked mainly but not exclusively women go from feeling overwhelmed frustrated and generally pissed about their health and appearance
i feel like in a way i kinda shocked my body by changing my calorie intake
He figured it out this offseason. He just didn't have any chemistry deep with his receivers and didn't know the playbook
That’s what happens when you’re from the uk and there’s literally nothing but 1 uk event outside of the pro league and America.
So, [NAME] and [NAME] are over? Have to wonder why he thought marrying a 19 year old was the best thing to do!
I wonder if that child puts it on his resume.
Nice job. I'm surprised not a single one of them used their CC immune ults or had beads. That is usually really important in assault.
Until you realize immortal Trout is better...
Wow, way to deflate Endgame's stakes *even more* before the movie even comes out.
Oh I wouldn't be surprised my dad got away with some shocking things despite cps investigation but he was also white.
That is an image that I will never be able to forget.
No. I wishm Why did I stop? Kids work and money. Not a minute to myself
Is this in the US? 30k per year blows my mind, my tuition is like 9k ish a year+rent
Edit: I realized I dont want my story publicized. Sorry yall. Too personal for me
Shocking description of the criminals. Never could have guessed that
I’m reading Homegoing by [NAME] and it’s so good! It reminds me of Pachinko, which I also loved.
i feel that chris is not too impressed with my stuff so naturally i hate myself and want on the next plane back to seattle as soon before the showcase as possible
Wow, congratulations!! Hugs
Well, I guess that explains my gf mood now
Oh yeah, I forgot about the mean one.
Wow that is the exact armor combo i used to use
Wow, this is bizarre. Well, I agree too. A wealth tax is exactly what we need.
im feeling is funny because its totally unnecessary
God [NAME] can't come back fast enough. I don't know if the fans in the rest of the league realize how big his loss is
Oh joy, now my life is complete 🙄 Anything that ends in an -asm should be avoided like the plague.
Look at the spine on that kid - he must get it from his mother!
I mean China, India, and Pakistan have nukes and won't exactly take being exterminated lightly.
🤷🏼‍♀️ I was wondering the same thing. It looked almost like a teriyaki.
That’s crazy! I’ve watched every season 6 times now and I’m just realizing that they are in an office!
I was once nearly run over by a moped that was doing 60 MPH in a parking lot. Your comment reminded me of that.
Yeah, not the worst thing I've heard from him
Totally came to ask this question too!
Thanks, I had missed that. Just read this article today.
I realised that baby [NAME] looked like young [NAME] and it really upset me. So you all have to deal with that now too.
Hard to believe we scored like 8 points through the first 6 minutes.
Used to be the November curse!
i might go out of existance i smile pick up my pen and fill the page with the things that you say the thoughts you obtain the moments you refrain far away its cause youre going insane and suddenly im left afraid because im not feeling that way instead im amazed why you gotta be that way
I was almost certain it was gonna be [NAME]
I was pregnant!
i feel overwhelmed with the uncertainties of life the sorrows lurking about the fears eating at peoples peace the sad choices friends make the effects of those sad choices on loved ones broken relationships etc
i feel when you should walk in to see the film you should be pleasantly surprised with the film s inherent connect
oh my [NAME] is this real
I wonder why you're sitting at -2 for that comment. Very strange.
i understand the feeling so i wouldnt be shocked
Look at the size of those shorts!
I have and it didn't help. It's only a matter of time now for how long I can hold on.
> The defunct club still sit third in the overall NI league roll of honour despite not having competed for 70 years. Wow
A bag of pita chips is really $8?
Well, I bought cheese when I went, and was shocked at the great variety and lower prices. That probably skewed my view.
If it’s like my store it might change. I have to check my schedule every other day because of changes
i feel an urgency to introduce readers to the amazing and touching story of anna iya and erik
[NAME] getting injured definitely didn’t help.Mou’s first Chelsea team was on a whole other level defensively
i shrugged not feeling particularly enthralled about the educational tour and feeling guilty that i would prefer to stay at home and play house
I'm honestly surprised you haven't been banned yet.
No there's only one emoji.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **5th Cakeday** gum_sticks! ^(hug)
"Didn't know you can predict the future"
Wow! That takes guts! I’m so squeamish that I can hardly stand getting a shot 😂
i always feel a little weird writing about a guy ive dated because i dont want to do them an injustice or have them come across in a negative way
How is it? It was consensual. They are practically adults anyway.
i tween sat for my moms boss year old and year old boys this weekend id say babysit but that feels weird considering there were n
Wow, that was fast
Right. I’m surprised everyone thinks he’s so cute...
I see you're a man of culture as well. But realistically this will never happen because... Disney :/
i feel and i was amazed to find out where papamoka shows up
And that was more or less the manager's position on it. He was obviously trying very hard not to call her stupid to her face.
i only have three words to describe my feelings after viewing them im not impressed
Holy shit! Did not see that coming! Gonna miss you [NAME] :(
Shockingly, some people continue to educate and improve themselves. You might benefit from it.
I can't imagine it's going to be easy to come to the realization that your parents murdered your brother.
OH MY GOOSE! You got my super obscure reference! I literally squealed out loud when I read this comment.
i feel all funny just thinking about it
I have never seen [NAME] playing like this! (only started watching this season, not sure about last one)
i was feeling pretty overwhelmed and stressed out over the whole affair but a few minutes of straightforward logical there totally is a right answer algebra combined with overhearing some trigonometry another tutor and tutee were working on at the library calmed me right down
Wow, Michelin star for $25. That's nuts. Thanks for the heads up.
i feel surprised that scientists to actually question about how it is weird for the initial conditions of the universe to be fine tuned to very special values such that our universe is almost flat
lol I’m realizing that now!
Additionally, over the years I developed ED and PE... and it sucks. Just thought I would put that out there.
We are becoming increasingly aware that there is a significant portion of western populations which simply refuse to believe facts as delivered to them by educated professionals.
Oh well I guess. Can't blame you for that. We aren't all [NAME] though.
With those pieces I’d be surprised 😒
Oh wow. Except gillette i haven't used aby P&G products in years
i feel so amazed seeing chiangmai
I can feel my left knee getting sore now
i typically do not engage the children on my walks in this manner but today i m feeling a little curious and more silly than usual so i persist with my question
Scuba diving. I realized how truly precious and fragile nature is. I stopped eating seafood as well.
Because [NAME] doesn't have time to monitor what is going on in a couples bedroom.
I should have changed that stupid lock! I should have made you leave your key!
The name he asked if I was, was some foreign name. It was so far off from my actual name I thought it was a joke at first
Surprise! That fat woman you see on the bus every day is actually this generation's [NAME].
That's what I think of the school that gave AOC a degree in Economics.
The shading makes her face look like she has lumps under her skin.
Oh my good lord. I just somethinged over his highlight reel.
Man, I can’t believe we traded all that and didn’t even get a top 10 guy
Wow I typed that out before my eyes were awake 👀
Oh look, someone who doesn't understand how living languages work.
Anyone remember Space Dandy? It was short and stupid, but the animation was great. Very tounge in cheek.
Wow - never seen negative karma before I clicked on your name lol.
I still can't believe those guys got nominated.
I try my damndest. Hard to be sad these days when I got this guy with me
I'm surprised he didn't say it was *almost* an inside job
I can never refold the paper properly so kudos just for that!
[NAME] fucking christ. When [NAME] came into the league he was pretty much as skinny as [NAME] is now. And look at the dude now.
Oh really? I didn’t know someone else posted it haha Edit: just looked and someone posted it right after me
Yes! Wonder how tall the girls will end up 😂
I’m actually suprised they all didn’t follow him and now they all have to repeat junior year.
OP and wife probably have other areas that are private. Sometimes it could be our dreams that even we don't dare speak aloud to ourselves.
I’m constantly surprised that [NAME] doesn’t hate her.
I think they were just doing their job. Reporting what they saw. And yea that was the happiest I have seen [NAME]. Weird.
I’m surprised they find toothpaste still
We look like Hawks at this time. Good old days
Gotta wonder how a fake BC could possibly result from a 'mixup'.
ive ever written although im not gonna reproduce it here because it is full of boring academic references and also it specifically analyses several prominent bloggers and their treatment of romantic relationships and id feel weird about putting that on the internet
i feel curious excited and impatient
Huh I would figure the Royce's have been lost in the shuffle of thousands of characters introduced since Waymar, rather than a late bloomer.
So that's how people get their cars sideways in those crazy pictures. I'd always wondered.
This is something that's not brought up enough.
And it should be drenched in blood. It’s supposed to be scary, that’s how you know [NAME] loves you!
I wonder how that works if the seatbelt wouldn’t fit even if they were sitting in a regular seat? They only go so far, right?
I used to think that too, before I got over Trump Derangement Syndrome and took the red pill.
Because killing the same mice twice is very tricky
Ah from what I understood you could barely read the biggest line on the chart. I thought this was a general statement.
Soooo difficult to do.
Omg saucepan what a daring and unconventional look!!!11
there is a difference between being a good villain and being insufferable. He has passed that line a few too many times for my liking
i have no idea if this is interesting for anybody to read but i found myself smiling like a fool laughing at some points and feeling overwhelmed with gratefulness
Legend says he still can't believe he's done this.
wow thanks for the explanation. it's been like 3 hours and still looks like this
Oh my god. Don't you know it's illegal to share memes if you don't have an IQ of 16 trillion?
Yeah I remember when they banned bathrooms, crazy thing.
i have learned so much with him even now i still learn new things about rabbits i feel you always keep learning about them being amazed by them
i drove to pay her for the snack she was looking at me wearily and i was feeling dazed by what just had happened and felt a confidence that is unusual and rare
Wow! What are the odds of that!?
Lol, I’m surprised more people didn’t catch that. Thanks for the med check!
Wow really? I watched a fair bit of KR Contenders. I guess I just wasn’t paying that much attention.
It's not even Goats. Just got to the point I realised the Devs don't care about what happens below high elo.
What. The. Actual. Fuck. *Gags*
There is a surprisingly large number of [NAME] who play.
Lol, my parents know my old account too and probably this one. The struggles are real
Mate, you’re a [NAME]. If it wasn’t for us you wouldn’t even exist.
oh I thought you were calling OP loser my bad
You forgot shinobi
Oh good one. It’s insane to think the last three mvps were once on one team
i remember feeling bowled over and surprised by my own reaction at the tears welling up
i try not to laugh because sometimes it hurts vellas feelings but some of the things he does are so funny
And they wonder why they don't seem trustworthy. Maybe someone should tweet about it and they'd notice.
Was gonna hit you with the /r/gatekeeping for that elitist mentality, but you recognized your errors. Props.
I totally agree and I think this was suggested before as well
They're all the same, all the ratemes are a trap. It's just sad people keep falling for them because its so obvious it genuinely hurts.
It boggles my mind every day how easily conspiracy theorist stuck their flag in Trumpland.
Actually pretty surprised that they made it fit as well as this.
Or take it further: Try showering with just hot water. You might be surprised at how clean you get.
I stopped watching [NAME] the moment vie when they made the sub surface and I realised they were rewriting history. It's insulting.
i cant help feeling curious you know after all ive heard
It sounds like they found out that when asked if they have an allergy, people with a non-allergy food intolerance still answer yes.
Let me add to them - it was awesome. Also unexpected!
I realized that. Why I jokingly said they were messing with you. Didn't think you actually spoke with them.
I just realized, what point are you trying to argue here? Because I have no idea where you're trying to go with this conversation.
Confound your toll Troll!
im here today after looking at my bank account this morning and feeling shocked
i dont want to put to much pressure on myself but i feel like i could make the most amazing year ever
Oh wow. Yeah I’m very new, only about 8 hours gameplay
Just wondering why they called the cops but not an ambulance seeing as how he was covered in blood and disoriented.
Haha ok I thought it looked like the vine logo, but assumed I was wrong since it’s been dead a while.
i feel so impressed with ia
I remember hearing a story about this type of highway camaraderie once from a trucker who helped a woman escape a man... wonder if it was your mom
i just remember feeling so amazed that this little person and i am only a child was my new brother
Welcome to the club. She hit me hard 3 months ago n I'm still recovering.
OH MY [NAME]
Wow this is supee trashy. How did it get to front page?
Then you realize it actually is the only way to feeling better, except having one or no friends make it tough.
i was on the phone with tech support today and it turns out i have something in common with the guy on the phone we both have thoughts and feelings are are curious about this world
Having fewer friends means having deeper friendships in many cases. I can tell when someone isn't my real friend.
Not available in my country. Can't believe this has to be a thing in the modern age.
ive done while not writing was had flowers delivered to someone just because brought a meal to a new mom on a day she was feeling overwhelmed and now im stumped trying to remember what has been done
i feel so weird not saying goodnight to mike
Two wrongs don't make a right..
i even feel it is a game that i am a part of some strange reality swarming with violent carnivores adding to the bare landscape of the place i now know
i feel like this inside theres one thing i wanna know whats so funny bout peace love and understanding
I was going to say Tigres but then I reread the title and it said ‘big’
I isst thought y’all woooshed me but then I realized what subreddit I’m on
Wow, the video is a lot worse than I thought. His actions after he asks for the age is very uncomfortable.
i usually doubt my self at this point as i feel i should be that amazing housewife who motors all day and has a list of things they can tell theyre husband they did all day while they were at work and i was at home
>First of All, Nationalism ≠ Protectionsim. Excuse me, yes, it is. Capitalists believe in globalism.
i were saying that we were feeling overwhelmed with our life right now
In shock and was more concerned about my kid tbh. Now off course I wish I'd sued the arse off her for emotional distress.
Beer bottles and his ex's old stuff. Because if country music has taught me anything its that all that exists is a gun, alchohol and some girl you lost.
i remember feeling equally dazed and road rollered when the twins came home and that was with the pee and poo all neatly tied up in diapers
Now remember, if something goes wrong, let's not get the law involved, one hand washes the other. Oh, that reminds me.
Youd be surprised how many times the "hebephilia is not pedophilia" argument comes up on reddit.
Bengals are a quirky breed 😸
And yet nobody bat an eyelid when it was [NAME] who was palling around with [NAME]. I wonder why.
I feel like this doesn't mean much,
Seriously we haven't gotten a stop barely at all tonight.
I had a blast watching it and am glad you did too!
Oh my [NAME]...
omg that was full on Tequila [NAME]!!!
By the end of the trailer, I actually forgot spidey is dust for now.
Crazy how before the offseason everyone was talking 350-400 mill deals for [NAME] and [NAME] as if that was all but inevitable
Wow, i never really understood how bad the star wars perecuelse really are till this moment.
i remember looking out car windows as i was passengered around those first few months and feeling vaguely surprised as i was already deep in shock at how different things looked
I was searching my local craigslist! It says nationwide though- so love after lockup for everyone!!!!!
This is why you play runescape as a kid, it teaches how to trust no one that offers free rune plate trimming
i sat there feeling so amazed that i actually found great joy in such simple things
"I awoke several hours later in a daze...." 😂
Wow.....
Can't play defence when everything is call and on the other end the Bulls haven't gotten a call since early in the quarter ...
I'm poly and jn the Raleigh area too, moved here for my wife's job, surprised to find so many people mention it haha.
Oh look, it's alive. Who here secretly fed it?
Read in the news yesterday that 3.6 million have lost their insurance since the rump took office. I wonder how many of them died because of it?
i asked the girls i was with if it was just me or if their eyes were feeling weird also
I forgot it’s Saturday r/trees :) If you read the rules you get this
I find this sooooo strange
Understandable. Retail sucks and people are nut
Only until security finds it stuffed with coke.
i feel less weird about my premature graying that started
i always feel like i need drugs after which is funny cuz its a health food store
im getting there but i really do feel dazed and confused at the moment
This makes so much sense. Seems she has been icing me. Time to call it quits
I wonder how fat activism intersects with animal rights tho.
i was a tad more jaded stopping the booth rep from reciting his memorized spiel by mentioning that i had been following the unit for a year but came away feeling pretty impressed
It's amazing the people here supporting the [RELIGION] church and the child molesters over duterte... I wonder why.
Haha I’m not expecting anything at considering they’re 2,000 miles away from me. I’ll be surprised if she does give me numbers,
It continually amazes me how many people don't understand this.
i need to do this that and the other for college by such and such a date because for the past four years ive always felt like ive been needing to do something college based and now i dont but i still have that feeling its really weird i feel almost guilty in fact
[NAME], this really is stunning
Me too! Just figured out how.
If that's true OP, you've lived quite a sheltered existence.
Oh man I didn’t know it was a repost but I tried trimming it after seeing on the gram.
i feel like amazing x men compensated enough to earn it a out of
Not related, but now I wonder how Delta would have done on the hair ball challenge
i really feel amazed on how they can do that
i feel like every day i walk around with so much stress and sadness that im literally amazed im still here that i still function that im still basically a friendly stable person
Yeah pretty much. People do change, but never ever do they change because someone else demands it from them.
I wake up and think I have to go to school and then realize I've graduated and I'm going to work
Wow really? I would think that UK bases would be the last place we'd have protests at.
Can't believe people like this actually exist.
I'll chase you till the ends of the eaaaaarth, Shooooooooooooooooooooooooooocker!!!!!!!
i feel that s the one thing i ve enjoyed about tv people have the time to be shocked over kenny powers and then you have time to let go of it and love him later on
I'm puzzled
What a confession! Unbelievable!
im trying to but my depression gets the better of me i have my good days and bad days
Wow thanks. Didn’t know there were any others glad to hear
Exactly! When the mom went to kekeing in [NAME] face to FaceTime with [NAME] in all of 10 minutes my jaw fell to the floor!
What have I watched ?! My eyes!!! Mom!!!
My error has already been highlighted thanks.
Wow what a surprise...
Omg! An attentive parent actually teaching their children to safely handle guns! The horror!
Honestly, State and Revolution is what made me ananarchist.
Some people are pretty dense. That comment was clearly sarcasm, sorry bout your downvotes 😔
i feel surprised and disturbed actually
Actually good point, I should have asked for the source their too. It was only a rumor when I first heard. Might be wrong, sorry.
[NAME] has aged me 10 years in the last 3 months
Ohhhhh. *That’s* what that was.
Oh my gawd. WHAT?
wow! thats... a lot of water my dude was your bladder ok
i mean architectural wonders just make you feel wowed impressed and you just end up really respecting the people who built them but nature just makes you feel so much more aware of the world around you without actually actively doing anything because they were always there you know
yup I was like "what, are porn mags scary now?" and then it clicked
Oh, I haven't see you since my accident that I had when I fell- I fell into the pool of acid, eyes first.
Have I been eating avacodos wrong this entire time! Oh no!
i will make you feel amazing tonight i need you no
I am more than pleasantly surprised I clicked this link
I genuinely cannot believe [NAME] didn't get fired years ago. It shocks me more than [NAME].
I thought you looked familiar, get back over to r/NCAAW
i feel a strange sensation course through my limbs
I was expecting the surprise birthday, not seen this twist on the sister before.
i visit this brand for the first time i feel surprised there are so many accessaries at our website
I just learned about mukbang yesterday from a foreign exchange student. What luck, didn't realize they were popular outside of Asia.
Oh, it’s actually its own thing. I heard goo and just assumed the worst.
I DON'T BELIEVE, WHAT I JUST SAW
i feel so curious why she add me back
Okay idiot, well it seems right wingers can't tell the difference between strawman and reality then. Thanks for confirming it douchebag.
Surprises me how a dude that let his keyboard get to this point even cares enough to clip his nails in the first place.
That moment is always noted in YouTube video comments!
i sleep in a dreamy state waking up feeling dazed every now and then yet the cyber slut in me craves to creep up on here every evening
Yeah. She kills herself, but by accident.
Oh my [NAME]. The hand mixer instead of forks. Shredding poultry is like my least favorite thing on Earth
Huh, I was just wondering if something like this existed. I'm working in food manafacturing an this would be epic.
I know logically that I haven't gained real weight but overeating both weekend days makes me feel like I have. I drive me crazy sometimes.
Understanding of human nature has. Believe it or not, people thousands of years ago might not have understood the world perfectly.
It was [NAME] I think? And I only remember because I was surprised and then disappointed.
Wow, thanks whoever did the silver❣ put a ray of sunshine into an otherwise cloudy day!
Hmm surprised that went on for as long as it did, at some point there must have been some redeeming qualities.
You win , I’m so wrong to think that anyone would take advantage
This is the most Boomer thing i've ever seen
I discovered this channel last night! She has a video on Harry Potter and the end of history that’s really good.
Sorry I am kind of new to posting here. Didn't even know that existed! Gonna try and move over there.
Wow sold out during break without most of the students. Don't know how they'll fit the students in once we're back
i myself smiling through loving simple dialog child logic explain situation feelings it s funny
Didn't expect him to land back in the championship, although mears was much more unlikely
Wow, such an unlucky finish... lucky we had DNB, really bad mistake by the goal keeper in the 95’
If high calorie food is so cheap, eat less of it and save even more money without getting fat.
i feel weird
Exactly. It was The fact that everything happened and ended so suddenly that left me speechless.
i was feeling so overwhelmed that i asked my bqff to keep of them at her house until theyre ready to be loaded so i dont feel so behind
Oh man, I forgot about eBay! I have some old textbooks I’ve been meaning to put on there too.
With punctuation like that I'm surprised you're not from Jordanhill
You seem to have only participated in this thread to insult me. what a shocker!
i started feeling funny and then friday i woke up sick as a dog
It's different when it's your younger sibling, people
That's really creepy. What is crazy is that 9 year old's get cell phones now! Times have certainly changed :p.
Enjoy spending yours oblivious and phony, slowly realizing as time progresses how very wrong you are.
Maybe? Must’ve been one intense game of [NAME]. ‍♀️
im feeling a little overwhelmed
Wow, I know he is the voice of [NAME], but I did not know he basically IS [NAME]
I’m wondering about those friends of hers that encouraged her to contact you..
Because a thought can qualify as racist without intention of effect in the same way that a thought can be transphobic without intention or effect.
i pick up the cards i feel a shiver go up my spine and i just feel so curious
i have a plan with friends and a good support system of neighbors to keep me company but it still feels really weird
It was more just “where did all these airpods come from?!” It was weird to me.
i feel like im pretty weird and open about liking a lot of things i doubt any of my interests would surprise anyone
Wow. So I figure you two are both at least considerably older than me (24) and ...wow his response
Is this because of the sudden spate of comments feeling shocked that we don't respect proud right leaners or have you always had these mails?
These are the signs I'm getting old... Wtf is a weed cartridge??
Ah, thought they made another FA character cannon for a minute. I'd like to see [NAME] come back (with a bit of a nerf:)
I like [NAME] so far, but I know I'm alone in that.
I don't think that's a normal marriage because my husband has never said those kinds of things to me (20 years now)
i feel very shocked i have never expected that would happen to me
Only through surgery, steriods, and a high income. Personality is not a factor for woman, looks and status are
So THATS how he got the room for that backhanded top 10 nhl goal...
I mean dug into cities and the like, the only urban fighting Turkey's done this whole war was in al-Bab and we all know how that went.
Oh mah gawd!!
didn’t know [NAME] was still alive
What a methy situation!
Ah, victory
I said that weeks ago
Wonder which one belongs to [NAME] and what would be his final carbon footprint tally for this trip alone.
While I have no experience in dating/relationships, I have been through unrequited love. So I learnt that the hard way
Ah yes of course, how could I have been such a Horseshoe crab!
Wow, didn't expect this thread to get philosophical.
That literally doesn’t even look like her omg
That looks like before Fox even owned it, I was surprised to see it's almost been 30 years
Wonder how many people are walking around with slimey noses trying to figure out if this does work.... Besides me that is
You know he was too distracted by "boobies" on his teen wife to care about the realistic possible outcomes of rushing into marriage with a teen.
Thank you! I suddenly see the benefits of Fahrenheit.
This is the sort of chucklefuck who finds himself saying "and there was nothing I could do" after a mishap... often.
2019 should just be a picture of a trash can or dumpster on fire. Amazing how shitty DICE can make things in 10 years.
im still feeling a bit stunned by an experience i had tonight while watching a movie
My [NAME] this Administration is somewhere between the mafia and the three stooges
Damn, I was really hoping for some comeuppance at the end, but at least you no longer have her for a boss, so silver lining.
My fault, I jumped to a conclusion. I forgot that savanna cats are spotted not leopard print.
In America this guy would have been shot before he entered the door
i have chose for myself that makes me feel amazing
Omg does anyone have a video of this
i overly pc in feeling a little shocked
I haven't listened to new music since 2006.
You’re obsessed, get over it man. We have what we have, they have what they have
I would be surprised if she's doesn't have at least 1 kid
[NAME], just realized that.
Did you know it inspired a direct to dvd adaptation with the same name?
i don t mean this to be a serious recollection of feelings only a funny in a not funny sort of way story so let s get back to where the action begins
Yeah, turns out there are some SNEAKY Grizzlys there that can surprise even a dog.
Thank you. Let’s not blame one parent only for the existence of a child, or the batshitness of one coparent.
Wow this made my forehead hurt it was so cringey. I love it.
I'm still surprised this thing is only 2 Lanes in each direction
I've seen her somewhere before
This was actually a very interesting article. I'd never realised how Snapchat and its filters were driving people to be so unhappy with their appearance.
When you've been dodging as much as [NAME] has, to this challenge, ppl start to 2nd guess and lose faith in you.
Oohhh so you go to school on a military base? Is your mom or dad in the military or both?
Wow man, that is DEAD. You have no marriage, just a roommate. Life is short, get out and find someone who meets your needs.
Reminds me of that tragedy
i feel overwhelmed and i want to forget it all
Yup, my greatest fear realized.
Most accurate of the 5 places I've seen this today.
The lesson is to not take 4 Ambien. That is just stupid.
My DW made this realization. She is a smart one...and a keeper.
I mean it changes that game at least because if the defender actually wraps him up it’s a sack because [NAME] never threw the ball.
i finally have access to the website on our development site and am in absolute rapture and delight over how it looks feels and even functions and amazed that my baby has finally arrived
Because it seems like a first step on the same road that peope here have taken. I figured you have experience in the matter.
These refs have it out for the colts. I didn't realize we traded our MVP 11 to KC either.
It’s crazy how many people don’t know the difference between fluid ounces and weight lol
He was in a state of shock lol
I figured as much. If I were them I'd definitely be sceptical.
Lol seriously. I mean Vardos was really cool but other than that the story was so bland and predictable.
Happens every time. Your just playing the with your sibling and then someone accidently hits the other and it turns in to world war 3.
What the hell. Poor [NAME]. Poor you. Wow.
Oh I didn’t realize you were saying that, my bad . And yes that’s a great idea that would help develop him
Ok this actually happened to me when I was one bloodthirsty away from getting gold on my MX9
i go in coeur d alene im surrounded by them and it feels strange to look at them and think all these people are actually as nuts as me
Didn't even notice until you *pointed* it out. I had a bit of a giggle.
i notice i jump when i feel anything in my hair which i cant say im surprised about
Ah, I see you are a man of culture, as well.
It's so surreal that we have a superstar on the Canucks. I have to pinch myself everyday
This is not a comedy subreddit. It is a subreddit about the unexpected.
I remember seeing that scene the first time and being like.... I loved Princess [NAME] before, but now... something is different
Ooo, I wouldn't go that far.
I know this was a common thing, but never knew that were so many creative names for it until I read this thread.
i feel stumped something comes out of my pen and im always a little amazed by this
i watch her silently feeling dazed from my memory loss
I don't control the Lib Dems, shockingly.
Do not destroy your life bc of feelings for an underaged person. think back to when you were 14
Yup that’s what people don’t seem to realize.
That's what I ended up actually doing.
Is that a real tweet? From the actual president? Not a parody? I can't tell anymore.
Oh [NAME] this is atrocious... I think I'm in love
Oh my [NAME] stop
It is like how I imagine [NAME] and [NAME] people seeing wooden ships across the water the first time.
She has naturally chubby cheeks that are set on high cheekbones. I've seen it before and it's not abnormal.
Really? that's very interesting
I never knew that existed. I'm bloody dying right now 😂
We might now be almost maybe nearly ready to potentially maybe play finals. I think [NAME] will make the finals this year. They'll be the surprise team.
Okay, that was actually shocking.
Wow, now that you say that . Although, we do have [NAME], South Park, Family Guy and American Dad now. Mmmmm, [NAME]
And this is why this sub is the way it is.
I considered that they might be doing that, actually...but I googled it and it didn’t seem to be true.
i want to feel amazed a little more often
i feel amazed to say that i am doing what i only dreamed of doing again
[NAME] campaign donation at work apparently. Sure didn't take long.
Oh I see!
i can say that once again after the test drive we left feeling impressed by the cx and with steve and adams assistance
i was grateful for each and every one but it still made me feel funny
i feel this ad does i m not impressed
Thank you. I realise I have to start from scratch
i was talking to my district leader elder hill last night and was explaining to him some of my concerns such as not seeing the fruits of our efforts not having baptized anyone yet and just plain feeling like i have so many problems and weaknesses that its not even funny
I wonder if this is why the universe keeps expanding. Because we're constantly filling it up with new words and new sentences.
23 minutes! Omg that's too long
i feel like im in this weird in between stage
Enjoyphoenix couple of products are different than Desi’s box but it’s still existing products.
For some reason I find these charming 🤷🏼‍♀️
I know your not serious because your not looking whole corpus Here’s unique ones only found within [RELIGION] tradition
i have a feeling that my plant may have been temperature shocked
Using Vtrigger and Vskill buttons!? Oh My.
i feel like all i ever do anymore on the internet is bitch about my kid but seriously im amazed that so many children survive toddlerhood
Maybe we’ve been mishearing the word ‘starch’ as ‘staunch’
Oh wow, that was a serendipitous ending! The weed saved her life.
Which was even more possible 2 years ago. It’s tougher now than it was with a larger republican majority.
Aw, she came home early to surprise you! She must have missed you a lot.
[NAME] fucking [NAME], that man is enormous.
First I thought this was a repost then I realized you posted this five times straight...
Wow! I’ve never seen so many deleted comments, and that’s saying something.
the fact that [NAME] still exists is somehow the strangest thing about this
i know im making a big deal out of it but i feel quite shocked that i can drive
Not in this thread- but I have heard people act like it’s no big deal... don’t take reasonable precautions to prevent spreading it
They aren't wrong here in illinois. :(
This is just such an obvious troll.
i feel like a bit of a strange one
So I said earlier that this team was boring without [NAME] lately. I take that back after the last two games.
I can’t believe that’s real
What a gift!
Oh wow, that's interesting! Genesis is a pretty interesting take on the luxury car market, hope the brand succeeds!
tf, didnt know that thx
Time to cut him off. Or find a way to get him good help. Cause he sounds a little dangerous.
Less expensive than chain-link. Needs warning signs, though, and be within his property line.
i volunteered for everything and wound up feeling overwhelmed and people got mad at me for not being able to meet my obligations
And...peter thiel is involved. Color me surprised. (O negative surprised that is.)
This is so aesthetically pleasing. Wow. And yum!
I have never had so many heart attacks..
i wanted to follow a set of food rules and feel amazing or party hard and suffer the consequences
i gotta say im feeling pretty impressed with how everything ended up considering my total dollars dropped totaled and i have three small canvases to play with display with
ive gotten so used to them to the extent that im actually feeling weird without them
I started out by being sick.. and the realization that no one is going to help me... Not even my family not friends.
Wow, that was insane
[NAME] 12 min long? That other 1 min video spoiled me.
wait. So most of south asia doesn't eat rice?
If you abuse a dog don’t be surprised when it bites you. Something something reap what you sow.
i feel like i should admit to her how many times a week i make pasta for dinner and that i never make my bed at school so shes less impressed or something
i just posted when i reached to someones facebook that i used to think as one of my best friends which makes me feel so shocked and frustrated
Maybe that’s what boogie was trying to say!
It was such a strange error.
i remember feeling shocked by the emotions because after all i was pregnant too and at that point we had no reason to think anything was wrong
Some of my posts got removed because of rule 1 despite them clearly being about [NAME].
Realizing that thirty isn't old at all.
I lost about 30 before anyone said anything. I think people probably noticed before then, though.
i do however feel that some people would not be so shocked right
For a second I didn’t see the t in “stack.” Was wondering how you did that but nvm.
i feel a strange connection to them a familiarity that most of the time i link to ancestral memory
Yup that game was where I was like we have to draft him!!!!!
Omg I did the same exact thing LOL
I'd be shocked if he knew much of anything about the EU.
In fact I plan to start using them in my videos since I plan to make this year feel like 2009.
Whoops, just posted about those two subjects elsewhere ITT before I saw your post.
Honestly, whatever kills the hangover. I do bacon mac n cheese and a spinach smoothie. Weird combo, I know.
This. I saw a life pro tip a couple weeks ago about this. I cant believe how clean my kitchen has gotten.
My mother did this to me and it took years to get everything fixed. Almost cost me my job.
Yes. But it’s still KFC so there’s a long way to go.
Nah man sorry if it's being taken wrong. I'm trying to say that I got an idea from her actions. Should have just said that
OMG. How have a I never heard this before? Absolutely dying. You can tell [NAME] just lost it off mic. 🤣
Ha interesting. Grew up in MN and never thought about this.
im also feeling overwhelmed by how often im saying im too old for that shit
Reddit is so right wing I can’t even believe it
Oh trust me, I thought of that - but I felt as though the phallic shape would cheapen the resemblance to feces
[NAME] was the [NAME] of the [NAME] years. Didn't realise he was still about.
Everyone clapped too btw
People back then just might have had a bad memory and kept forgetting about it.
i really want to go buy some yardage of art gallery just to play with because it feels so amazing
Ugh. It makes sense why you spend so much time with him. Still please please don't marry him.
Wow 😮 you really convinced me... like gtfo here
i feel you jerked a little surprised at the hand that touched you
If my mom were still alive, she'd be so pissed at [NAME] being in this cast.
Wow!!!
Absolutely no one was surprised at her choice to run in 2016...
i think its time to find better stress management techniques and choke back this feeling of being overwhelmed
i feel shocked his words very pure very self
Im so glad that he Reacted that way i feel the same way about my college but im in the last semester 🤓
Oh man, okay yeah i was wrong, thank you for correcting me
Protecting the border is self-defense. It's not really a selfish thing to do.
They´ve been around since World Pride. I love this city :D
What a coincidence. I also had a Bort.
Wow so brave!
Ahh damn! Gotta pay attention to that, never even knew!
My hope is gone, too. Sounds like we've both tried over, and over, and over again. When do the realisations hit you?
Wow that’s weird. I’m too used to that age group complaining about “kids these days”. Thanks for sharing.
Is it my turn to point out he's clearly at school? I haven't checked the rota for this post this week.
Oh wow, this is the first I've heard of her aligning with those people.
Hey, it's working again! Somebody at YouTube must have given the server a whack, because suddenly the recommendations are making sense. I wonder what happened today.
i have stopped feeling surprised
only took em all of the time to realize
Surprised [NAME] didn't add his hatred of interracial couples in the movie.
"Yeah look" like a toddler being surprised by his own genitals
Oh, wow, I didn't know my Dad had a Reddit account.
i feel developers should hear that people are really impressed with their work if they are
i have talked about it too much i feel here is a video if you are curious
Wow, kinda lame that if this true, most of us probably don't know about it.
That makes sense. Never thought of it like that
Go buy some stand-offs. The stop the ladder from falling sideways.
Wow, you are quite the romantic...
Wow so you really are pro-abuse huh
He's only making like 3M more than [NAME] this year wow
i always feel overwhelmed with a mixture of feelings while listening to these songs
Could they not have been quarantined when diagnosed at the airport? (Genuine question, I have no idea about this shit)
Damn, for real? I'm 250 and drink regularly, if I pound two beers in under a minute I'm good for a little while.
He is very affectionate in all other aspects. That’s why it bothers me so much, I think
53 months?? That is insane, must've been a different type of octopus then the one I was learning about.
Oh my [NAME].
For a moment there I thought I was the only one! Pretty awesome and I had no idea
i feel a strange sense of legacy
i started feeling a bit strange
Doctor is Spy! ~Grunt, too late.
i will tell ya i have been following a very norma inspired diet for a week tomorrow and i feel amazing
I thought it was funny lol. The whole situation was dumb and both sides were in the wrong.
They do, however this is a TRAFFIC unit that focus' on TRAFFIC offences. Ice dealers are more of a detective / taskforce job.
HELL YEAH!!! And in only 7 months?? That’s such an achievement!
I haven't seen a sign like that on mine. Not that it would carry the force of law, anyway, in Florida.
I feel like I’ve had this exact same conversation with a customer at my old job.
Omg the hockey god’s actually helped us !?
Weird, I thought I had a different twitter handle than that
Wait, so do you have a source or not? Genuinely curious, it’s been three comments since the other guy asked
At first view, I thought it was a beer mug seen from above but immediately saw it's a pancake and now I'm just feeling dipshit.
This makes me wonder if they fixed [NAME] having a very noticeable gap between her body and legs with her new shorts.
Wow City all of a sudden not so invincible anymore, have as many defeats as us now...
i am sure at least i hope so that the woman who responded by saying so that he could help out with the kids also feel this way but what surprised me was that all the reasons i listed above were second
I’m so sorry. You deserve so much better.
It’s shocking if you’re a bad electrician.
This is where the fun begins.
I almost didn’t get that until I heard her voice
i feel so deeply shocked and saddened
It's all fun and games until somebody loses an ear.
Wow the [NAME] replies appeared in less than ten minutes this time!
I was going to say "too lazy to go down to the basement to do it" but then I realized this isn't the north.
damn you were close
yeah I can see myself in that too. I lost all feeling for responsibilty. except for going to work.
I see why magic fans want [NAME] off their team.
"Think of how stupid the average person is, and then realize that half of them are stupider than that." - [NAME]
that's an adventure!
The one that just happened, at the blue line, practically a tackle
According to the filmmakers, it was the same Brachiosaurus that awed the characters in the first movie. ;_;
It seems you might be right. I found this
Simon's or the bay. [NAME] makes some merino ones that are unbelievable. They are not cheap though.
Legit. Can't beleive that society lets those people run around free like the walking sex crimes they are.
Man I’ve been watching too much Goblin Slayer lately and forgot what sub I was on
i want to hold this feeling of shocked awe and wonder forever
i feeling strange energies
It was like he suddenly realised he couldn't claim that a product both had no effects and beneficial effects at the same time
Wtf Powerhouse Macomb is the gym I go to. I've never seen this dude there.
i just really feel so curious about whether you and dad have ever been bitten
Yeah. All they have to do is ask for absolution, which means [NAME] can live a life of sin and repent and go to their heaven.
That's awesome. I would never have expected the Prius community to be so involved.
i am feeling amazed to see what god is doing new friends who aren t only amazing but get me who don t run and hide in a dark room unless i am there and they are joining me
Is that were its from ? All i know is since i was young that is scary af !
but time is meaningless
i know i have an international audience but even now i feel pleasantly shocked that i can reach certain parts of the world
Sorry, didn’t realize I was talking to a fan of the prestigious UCLA Bruins football program.
Holy heckin heck
i accidentally feel the mood and jumped into blogspot then what surprised me was for over views lol
Did he just get fat? What caused him to fall off so much? It's amazing how quickly he flamed out.
Just you. All my other senses open up, so my vision _changes_ but i'm still eyes open
Wow Jurassic Park looks a lot different than in the cinema
Was blown away until I heard everyone speaking Spanish and realised it was Mexico. Not so shocking anymore.
Wow [NAME] retained NO combat skills from the time he was [NAME] to help him fight Cicada at that bar
i see what the ritalin culture is doing to the children and their flias i feel shocked
Childhood is happiness. After that the rest of your life is spent chasing that feeling, a feeling that you’ll never experience again
OH me too, didn’t realize it was really a thing till now 😂
Only the [NAME] do so. The rest of us have been exasperated with him for months, at least.
When it gushed out I caught myself saying "ooof" out loud
i was feeling amazed because i didnt find myself that good as what they have commented
This must have been the fastest reply I've ever gotten omg
Thank you! I am surprised with the amount of feedback I am getting. I was not careful with my word choice.
"WE HAVE LIFTOFF!" "Houston, we have a problem"
[NAME] was a pleasant surprise. It might be something you'll enjoy.
I didn't believe it until I saw a video with creepy music. CREEPY. MUSIC. That's when my eyes were opened.
im not quite sure why and she treated me well but the entire time i was there i got this distinct feeling that she wasnt impressed
Is it only possible for men to be crossdressers? I’ve never heard a woman called that, even if she’s dressed like a man.
Woah, cool!
I didn't know that newborn babies eat and breathe through an umbilical cord. TIL.
You can assume he means in the 5 man at least in terms of how the matchup takes place.
A lot of times the only thing holding any of us back is ourselves. It's not too late to start writing either.
This is a solid list, and I will totally allow Scream to count. Surprised to see 10 Things below She's All That tho.
It’s all about the tech my friend. The person who knows how to control the modem has the power.
i left feeling slightly dazed confused and disappointed
Think the word you’re looking for is ‘Maori’
That's called lust, and is completely normal. Just dont get obsessive and do things to keep you busy and dont be afraid of them feelings
Not that I fully disagree but this seems a lot more like a rant that you want people to back you up on rather than a genuine question.
im feeling a little overwhelmed here recently
I did nazi that coming!
Mine starts sweating and wondering why it’s so hot if the ac is on! 🤣😂
im feeling overwhelmed
i remember last summer feeling so overwhelmed
Oh god [NAME] has a fucking gun oh fuck
Thats a move i havent seen before
Now I'm wondering on what I've been missing out. Again thank you for this.
Reminds me of [NAME]
honestly surprised i havent lost power
i walked out of there with a better understanding of what was going on in the experiment but also feeling a little stunned that i had only one equation to describe all of this
Wonder if the balls are deflated... that worked well against the colts last time.
Can’t believe people still fall victims to those machines.
i wonder why people feel the need to make up stories to be amazed at the miracles around us every day
It wasn't any better 10 years ago if that offers any sense of relief.
and this is why I, having been baptized [RELIGION], choose to be cremated after I die because I am sacred and can, finally, no longer be used
> I thought he didn't actually collect the second He lost the second imo.
wow that's amazing. i wonder what that feels like
im feeling this little one move a lot now and im constantly surprised by his her little kicks
i learned about taking a dip in the dating pool its that in relationships its always better to feel surprised than disappointed
So its not mum and dad then.
im excited for these new changes cause i really feel like it will help me feel like myself again in this funny blogging world
That’s! How you defeat a bear!!!!
Yes, we no longer have the necessity to eat animal products. Thus the only difference is pleasure.
I'm from the UK, I thought you must have been joking. Queen were the height of cool at several points in their career.
I literally didn’t know that it was a interlocked I and U. Holy cow that’s crazy.
Wow amazing, anyone know where can I find more at higher resolution?
r/rareinsults also i’m surprised this guy isn’t fussing over the “it’s” instead of “its”
I’m surprised they arnt argonians
I can’t believe only 3 people pet the cat. Not even the cameraman pet the cat!
Should've left it at this.
Oh dear [NAME]!
i remember frequently feeling surprised by the statistic that of the population are hsps given that i almost never came across anyone who was an hsp
I feel the guy did this only to correct his mistake and to pretend it never happened.
The worst part is that neither party appears to have learned anything from this dumpster fire.
Holy shit was that the one guy that supported remain? I didn't know we had a celebrity on this board.
i feel strange actually sitting beside some people i don t know
i know also that many others especially parents feel shocked and betrayed at what has been revealed
i feel weird if i just do completely nothing
im a creature of habit and major life changes always leave me feeling sort of dazed confused and occasionally sad and grumpy
i know i would feel weird about that and probably act strangely for a few days
Wait, what? You're a gamer who's never even heard of TB?
I had the volume so loud and it came out of nowhere. It felt like those meme videos with the morning.
OMG what??? ...[NAME] actually showed up for a gig without cancelling with a terrible excuse?
wow so almost every sub has grown a lot in 7 months. Also 8.3k!! what!? that's insane
Life must be difficult for her then, I'm surprised she can leave her home. Hopefully she finds help if she wants it.
I was just in shock when she answered the door for devoin.
Good riddance. I'm surprised it lasted that long. [NAME] is trash.
I’m the most surprised that [NAME] is 35. Seems like just yesterday he was plotting with [NAME] on how to get booze for the party
i am feeling a lil overwhelmed again
i wander into the depths of the markets because i m feeling curious
i do like to think that in the near future ill feel the urge to write up an album or two that has really impressed me most likely a href http handsomefamily
I just got there and saw "Chicken Pox" When the image is about smallpox
That creepy realization that everything [NAME] says is projection...
I'm surprised [NAME] didn't bust that dress open when she bent down to high [NAME]
i feel like a monster because as we make our way through the rubble and stunned bodies all im thinking is that we need to find a way to keep going
Pretty sure the plate is completely visible in the article...
Does this really work? Any one else try this yet? I'm surprised I've never heard of this before thank you.
i managed to take some photos today of my outfit which did feel rather strange especially as i havent taken any for such a long time
Yeah, I probably should’ve gone ahead and looked that up beforehand. But the issue remains the same, even at that price.
I'm beginning to wonder how I lived before without these daily posts.
Finally figured out who these two remind me of
I'm amazed people read BuzzFeed articles.
Huh. Similar things happen to me. Just my big brother believe that I got the wrong diagnoses and Dad think I am "cured".
ohhhhh my gosh
i am currently feeling i wouldnt surprised if its flipped again
Wow what a fucking autist. Probably more effort into this shit than all people that hate on GS combined.
ive been medicated today but i feel funny
im feeling a bit overwhelmed tonight and not really for any good reason
Thats beyond shockingly bad. A new level of terrible. Wow...
Yes but that's largely changed in much of the US (the coasts at least). Surprised a state or two hasn't legalized it
im feeling more than a little dazed
Yeah, everyone goes through this phase during their Junior year of high school.
Having kids is bringing into being a conscious person who will suffer and die and be aware of that fact. Become an antinatalist.
And to think all along I was wondering if it was left hand turn day or just me!
Oh, totally mistaken - thanks for correcting me! I had read differently, but maybe that's in other states/cities?
We are fighting for their autonomy, which is why we're fighting hard for them to be born first.
I'm shocked. You mean to say the economic model adopted by every single financially successful country on the planet actually works? /S
i feel curious about this one i think i might fall in love by uncle montagues tales of terror
[NAME] can actually be accessed via the DC universe steaming/comics service
Oh really?
Wonder if some of the ‘cuse guys we got because nobody was available anymore will be cycled out
I stand corrected. I totally forgot the knee and shoulder injuries earlier in the season.
i shouldn t have been surprised by the amount of courage that these men had but i can t help but feel slightly shocked by it
This is why you always get a prenup. You never know if, during your marriage, you might become the wealthiest person in the world.
I was going to say is there even such a sensor? Turns out there is...
i often sat back and feel amazed when the episode was over
I did not know that a map could arouse me
Once you pop, you can’t stop Wait a minute...
i closed my eye taking in the feeling wishing that i could go back in time and re live these amazing moments when i opened my eyes i was taken back by fahad s presence he was leaning against the skeleton of the swing set and smiling at me
You sound like you’re the one that needs a safe space (and a Depends change)
What the heck?!
i returned to the ground floor feeling dazed
i get really sweaty during these episodes and my stomach will feel really funny like i m free falling
I'm so surprised they haven't done it yet tbh!
Oh. My heart!
History was written by the victors. Now we have history witten by the real truth agreed upon the everybody on the network
I've honestly looked at mine and thought, I wonder if it'd keep my cup of coffee hot.
I understand. Thank you for the suggestion.
oh [NAME] what did i do
Wow. Yes
Sorry, girl. You deserve better.
i got the feeling that steve was impressed that bi was used in manufacturing and not only in finance as in the us
Took me long time to figure out there are two dogs.
Omg deans you forgot to put your nagito relevance stamp
I used it for a while. It made me way more sociable and generally happier, optimistic Less anxious and stuck up Until it didnt, so enjoy it while it lasts
yep I wasn't aware I could claim my rec purchases too. thanks
I completely agree! It's cold at first but makes you feel so alive and invigorated by it too. It's a total shock to the system.
OMG I totally forgot about that episode. What a nightmare
genuinely surprised me, 0
OH MY GOD! The PTA has disbanded! Ahh! Ahh! AHHHHH •jumps through window•
I am very happy with the changes. And also very pleasantly surprised the dairy industry didn't manage to make them include more dairy.
im still feeling very incredibly overwhelmed with the entire situation
im not sure how i feel im shocked honestly
Sometimes, I am amazed that they are able to fit into a car.
Wow I never noticed that either before you pointed it out
Oh my [NAME].
I just had deja vu reading this comment. Weird.
Not really. Relying on someone you can't trust is bad. Sometimes relying on someone is the only happiness you'll get.
i feel like itd be strange at the least and possibly offensive to tell a gay friend id like to experiment or something like that
*How???* The internet never ceases to amaze me.
Oh. I never heard that before.
that's fair. problem was that some of these responses make a fairly incorrect generalization.
Wow. Yes. But here I am. On my phone. Responding.
Yeah I laughed when I remembered it. Random.
There has been a lot of talk about being so open about it was her problem more than actually doing it. I'd call that defending her actions.
i feel weird taking up time and making these sometimes terrible sounds that people have to hear
That poor girl who said she'd help out is about to get a surprise when she finds out she has to pay for the coffee.
Wow, foot and car traffic downtown has changed a ton in just 8 years.
i hope you keep handing out books of mormon to those you feel impressed to give them to
That’s when we realized straights dress like randomized sims
i am just waking up with not nearly enough sleep and feeling dazed
Oh wow I didn’t know their website was owned by Sinclair. I thought that was just channel 2.
If you ever wondered where ISIS got their method of killing homosexuals, wonder no more. Source: al-Jawab al-Kafi p. 260-263 as Quoted by Islamqa:
i honestly am not sure how i feel stunned
Just got back,amd I realized that The Ducks are getting clutterfuckedd
Don't think we should be stomping all over people's bodily autonomy just so public health authorities can declare victory.
Wow, I’m going to have to remember this one...
i love they way they feel in my hand im sort of shocked i dont have some psycho fetish
I'm sorry but I would've have pressed charges on the guy who kicked me in the ribs while I was being held down.
omg ;; my boy heavy
Im surprised those ebrats who tried to steal your step daughter's board didn't complain to the mom about it.
im just nosy or i like to see the process or behind the scenes of a peice but i feel like i should at least provide a little treat to everyone who is curious like me
I wonder how she would respond if he said this. It's almost worth doing to find out.... Almost
Two different writers have two differing opinions??? I'm shocked, just absolutely shocked, I tell you!
Wow.. You must be fun at parties
Oh shit I didn't even connect those dots!
nah man im just shook and dead™️
Maybe it's better to start telling the truth and start actually being a father.
i read through the ol feefyefo space i feel amazed at how much i could blabber and how transparent i was with my life
I find this extremely hard to believe. Living abroad is hard, and most people can hardly fathom leaving the USA, let alone living outside it.
Oooh, edgy!
I'm just now realizing that I married a covert narc.
Even worse: "Share something interesting about yourself." Suddenly I become the most boring person ever to exist.
Huh. Didnt know the HD edition had online multiplayer.
Nope. I don't think so either. Same thing I noticed with a couple of accounts that posted here at ESS recently.
I’m shocked that no one got whooshed by this comment
i feel like im getting there i have to admit i was stunned when i realized my list my entire laundry list of here to for impossible pie in the sky dreams
I was reading up last night and it's a mixed bag. Exercise can help with the depressive episodes, but it can make the manic episodes worse.
I'm suprised they didn't use the classic: "[NAME]?"
I'm 35 and never knew this was a thing anyone did until I saw this posted on Facebook awhile ago. It looks massively uncomfortable?
I didn't know that having the occupation of a journalist and the method of ones murder being beheading, gives ones death a special status.
Wow, this is my trashy goals in life. This woman is living out my dreams.
Wow, is it March 24th, 2018 already?
If you’ve never been to DSA you’d be surprised by how many amazing, smart people you’ll meet.
[NAME] went form 4-12 to 11-5 when he switched teams. Coaching success does not necessarily regress with age. Athletic ability does. That's the difference.
Oh and now vini is down
You mean the Chelsea?
And it keeps rumbling... now we know why no one had gone to jail yet!
The most my dad did to help with the housework in 35+ years of their marriage was to lift his legs while mum vacuums around the couch
hahaha. I was/am honestly surprised that is the only time I've heard of a parent calling a rapid.
I think by and large it encouraged men to become better betas.
You seem jealous
Wow, well I think that game just aged me 5 years...
Wow! You are close to me in age. I would never do that.
surprise surprise! cbs loves this phony old wannabee
This explains the recent uptick in bots.
Woah Dude!!! I would be freaking out
i still feel a bit stunned and i suppose i should be racked with regret and shame
I would think preschoolers would be better at shitting than with sharing
i forgot my passport and i realize that my stomach was feeling funny until i went to the washroom and understand that i was actually sick
i was mightily nervous given that i crashed and burned at this point last time and i still remember feeling shocked at how hard i found the x second runs
Yeah I was super surprised by how good Trench was, probably my top album from last year
One need not spend much time in the justice system to understand that this remains very much a real possibility in 2019.
OMG - you're my freakin' hero. And your last post had me absolutely weeping with laughter.
0 <----- This is how many people were surprised
22 years to the day. It was uncanny.
I wonder how many didn't get the joke
Yheaaa I always gave me till 35 to decide if I want a kid or not. [NAME] kicked in sooner than expected.
That's a lot of calories!
So the price goes up until it's worth it for UK people who want to "work for a few months and make some money"
i sat down at the table for lunch after proclaiming how amazing i felt considering i started to feel weird
Maybe, I'm just saying that there are players with more talent out the gate than him.
[NAME] said Monday was Columbus Day and those two bought it. Unbelievable.
i personally feel amazed that i have managed to connect with such amazingly talented and creative people through this little world of dance
Just hit Leichhardt! Well, the wind has, waiting for the cool now though!
>Also, you realize that both parties largely dabble in identity politics. Oh absolutely! It's a major reason I hate [NAME].
...what? You're far more concerned with the o line than signing [NAME].
Omg is this that what older kids call s*x?1?1??1??
Seriously? I couldn't even remember the dude's name until about halfway through the season honestly.
i feel like i m living in a strange world my wife s paternal grandmother often said
> so I would never say that to someone *To* someone, or *about* someone?
i have seen heard and read over the past couple of days i am left feeling impressed by more than a few companies
I used to love to mix addys and Valium 10s though lol!
He was an insane shooter in high school, so I guess the staff believes his current performance is just because he’s a freshman?
And that is simply why it is (or was) illegal. And why it was classified as a class 1 danger. MONEY.
Once I saw the LV logo I then realized I’m not rich enough to even watch that video.
When I was a kid and it was really interesting how you could do to make you believe that you need to go back to sleep.
I know, right? Burger King is clearly superior. No wonder he is FA.
Oh god. Imagine losing to Toronto in the cup final. You would spent the rest of your life hearing about it
So, I'm wondering if there's something I can use for this project that will help you if it's solid.
It means >![NAME] is the only one really close to Dutch now.!<
i feel like i should say something but im shocked into silence
i couldnt help but feel a little curious about it though which is what finally led me to plan to rent it this evening
no way I have never heard of that! wow!
Exactly, I remember loving those videos but I was also like 12
Looks like he's been dealing with a wrecking ball of stuff
Well, it's been fun. Time to quit YT.
Oh [NAME]. someone finally posted something I can't bring myself to finish reading, it's too much
My boss had this conversation with me just before Christmas. I start my new job in February.
Every government in the world charges these fees. Welcome to the real world.
i do when i m feeling a bit weird to reground myself
We still have this?!!!!!!!! What?!
Here did you know that [NAME] slept with 35,000 women. Outrageous.
i was feeling pretty impressed with myself
Really? Wow I was sure they were huh. Even still I feel like he needs berserker light damage for that sword
Looking at thngs that way can also help with confidence. Realizing that it doesn't matter can be quite freeing.
i feel like when i was a kid it was constantly impressed upon me how awesome ants are
dude that stadium was lit as fuck 🤣🤣🤣 were about to embrace the tank like never before
I am loving this exchange. At first I felt really really insecure that my sister and I are best friends and now I realize this person is ridiculous.
And so are you!
I was shocked. They were talking earlier on the news about her losing by less than 100 being a victory, of sorts.
i feel impressed to talk to my older children about my vision for our family and enlist their aid in accomplishing it
i feel gratitude for the opportunity to have met so many amazing people through the magic of the internet
I so remember that scene!!!!!
Oooo too soon man
There's something deeply ironic about spoil tagging this
Total funding was the exact same. I would have $1000 more in loans instead of that $1000 being a grant.
i have to care about and care for people with disabilities who are targeted by sensationalist media reports as well as at the same time feel the sorrow i do for the parents family members and community in newtown connecticut that is stunned by the events of today
Same.... I'm just perplexed
### A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one
i think i brag and it feels strange because i still see myself as a little fattie pre teen unworthy of any male attention
Well that was strangely majestic.
Shocking isn’t it
He's been holding back for the last 2.5 years. Seems to find it easy for some reason...
Imagine my shock... but he does seem very representative of the left.
Holy shit, if my siblings had roomates i wouldnt be shocked if you were talking about them.
You’re not wrong. The post is mostly a joke 🤷‍♂️
I actually didn't realize that my libido had gone down after getting off hormones, and only noticed it after it reappeared with the IUD :'V
i bought a virtually fat free thousand islands and feeling very impressed with myself hold large quantities of this substance on the leaves of lettuce and cucumber with my friend but it will be total sugar becomes if you do not burn fat
That's what I was wondering too.
Wow...is that true? I’d love to see more on that. Can you provide any links or documents on that?
i feel not surprised by where i ended up i m happy with a lot of what i ve achieved the positions i ve put myself in
I was wondering that as well....
i got contact lenses the other day and am trying to get used to them i feel like my face looks really weird without glasses and its so strange when i see myself from a distance
Oh [NAME]... now you’re stealing my lines.
I used to have a German Shepherd X Siberian Husky that looked so much like this.
Wow, so that means common tongue isn’t English!?!
im feeling a bit dazed and out of sorts like someone needs to poke me to really wake me up
i am shocked... SHOCKED I TELL YOU!
im surprised you didnt try to go over her head to the owner or did he just not care about what the new GM was doing?
I live for this comment 🙌🏻 i just thought it was me getting older and losing touch with whats “trendy” but am glad its equally hated
I cannot believe a woman in her 30s has never had an orgasm. I would have tried everything on the planet to have one.
Oh, how I miss real spicy Chinese food. Day after, not so much.
I can't believe people voted us to beat Sydney. I've become extremely optimistic over the past few months and even i voted Sydney.
Hardly surprising. Now they also lost their coach... rip
HEY! Once I was out on my own, I **loved** getting socks and underwear as gifts. My son just realized the same thing.
Suddenly, the **average** block confirmation became an unchangeable API paramter? Wow. Just wow.
Yeah. I heard that in my head aswell doing the last argument, and found myself back here posting.
Oh ok. I was looking at the wrong subs then. Good to know.
Wow.
I wouldn't be surprised if their confidence is so shot that they lose this control and lose 3-0
Stunning considering you have the exact same opinion.
wondering what the hookup scene is like in the north woods of Wisconsin?
If it’s fan made they deserve an award. Or money. Something. The score is strange though
I will be surprised if this actually has an impact. Just a few statements about the importance of the commitment to defeat ISIS and the withdrawal will continue.
Damn didn’t know it was for a whole now that’s crazy
i am nowhere near finished but how much better do i feel its ludicrous
I probably should have seen that... I watched it without sound, and just thought the guy was drunk..
[NAME] damn I need a cigarette now
i have some minor neuropathy going on in my fingers and my fingernails feel funny sensitive so that might mean that i could be losing them soon
i feel fighter move in me and i am amazed at the way he and my tummy is growing so quickly
I'm already a member :[NAME] Already posted it there too.
Unbelievable that we didn’t sign him Also, we could’ve potentially signed [NAME] the window we signed [NAME]. Kill me.
Wow, that really hurts coming from a demented troll sockpuppets brigading me on this sub
i miss the feeling of feeling amazing
So juicy i'm surprised the man from Del Monte isn't knocking at his door.
i get the feeling he is telling peter many people will be surprised
i am also noticing that i can only handle so much incoming information or i start to feel overwhelmed
Yeah, at this point I just keep of off anything remotely related to what Im playing/reading, its just too easy with the internet these days too be spoiled
I’m wondering the same; something seems weird about that interpretation of the law
[NAME] what do you do with his underwEAR
I started this morning barging seven minutes late into a meeting that was not the meeting I thought it was. W E L P
[NAME] out? I thought he’s been playing pretty well. Wonder why...
Ahh dammit I knew that was why I was getting the feels
I thought it went well, but then she clearly didn't I guess it started to go downhill the second she saw my face C'est la vie I suppose.
Looks like donkey foals are going for between $50-$100. That’s quite the herd.
Ah I didn't know that. I meant this [NAME] ad:
Omg I could cry at this
Lol not gonna happen. He is just in love with [NAME]. He fell in love with her when she gave him the hand of the Queen.
So? Sometimes it feels good to be petty, especially when it comes to an ex
I watch it 4-5 times every time it comes up. I think there is something wrong with me...
The realization is pretty grim. Can't say I'm terribly happy.
Whoa whoa whoa, dont go firing him into the rest of us. He is your alien being
Right, we don't know for certain. It was just what I've heard. We'll have to wait until we can test it.
The nfl has been the outcome of ref interpretation and flag throwing for years. Why are we surprised this continues?
Really? I live down the street from there, thanks!!!
i discovered out what created my wife feel lovedi was shocked
I’m so homesick and I come here for photos like this.
I think my mom is similar but I feel like I make things worse by trying to explain myself.
I thought I was the only one
I didnt realize belgium was behind on climate change.
Conservatives now hate dancing... anybody surprised?
wow, you guys have a body language now?
i can say one good thing about this movie and thats the computer generated transformers took on a truly real look and feel i was amazed at how fluidly them integrated with the live action and just how good they looked in general
There is a startling lack of empathy in this thread.
i like the padding because it makes the ride more comfortable but it feels funny to walk in when not riding let alone what it looks like lol
I'm honestly surprised. We should have fallen much farther
i cant help feeling a strange variety of relief for that
i feel shocked have i become that old
huh i didn’t even know that button existed
oh man another year
I read fuck and not tuck. Was wondering how the hell it wasn't creepy....
Didnt work for me, but thanks 🙆
Excuse my wording. I should’ve said [NAME] all around game & unselfishness combined with [NAME] aggressiveness & scoring
i am feeling overwhelmed with the responsibilities of being a teacher that someone is trusting me with their most precious gift and it is an honor
Unexpected Funhaus?
I wonder how big a problem this really is and what the cops' plan is.
My school did this too except with a gold spray-painted plunger. Kids love toilet humor. 😎
How do you know he likes beer. Did he ever once state that he likes beer?
Happy cake day! Have a great day and year, cheers.
Quit serving money and [NAME] will feed you.
I remember that one. I to found a special fondness for vacuums after that.
Can’t believe they actually got married. What a joke
Wow, time to talk to the [NAME] about a FPTP alternative.
i would be feeling i am genuinely shocked and surprised that he just hit jude
OMG, I thought the same
It doesn't cost money to organize. It costs time, effort and concern for your country.
Had to pause for a sec to properly cringe when [NAME] says why he got sent to the school. Whyyyyy would you *announce* that oh my [NAME]
It's as though it all melts away the moment you realize it's not true.
hMMM [NAME] is actually my worst hero in the game. I’ll work on him, though
i always feeling strange internal feeling like continuous wailing of siren in my head and when nobody hears i couldnt help crying like a siren when no one heard
i always tell people my brd armor sucks since i totally feel it does so i was amazed to see some of the crap some brds wear
Your son went to school in a treehouse?
that is not a life PRO tip, that is a life ROOKIE tip
OHHHHH! THAT ONE! Oh, *[NAME]*...
Breaking news, husband borrows wife's car and should lose their job because of this
I understand why she is an ex now.
I had no idea but seeing this things make so much more sense...
Frankly, I'm continuously shocked that more than 35% of the population actually think he's doing a good job.
Wow, I wonder who's going on about Tahiti in the background.
i could feel myself hit this strange foggy wall
The fact that she told you your sex life is over is insane to me.
And now Horse Armour is totally normal. In fact, Horse Armour is now extremely reasonably priced DLC, relatively speaking.
I have no idea how we are down by ONLY 13. Its truly a miracle.
I wasn’t saying she was faking just curious to see her reaction to it
I always wondered why that never happened with the “muscles from Brussels” in any of his movies.
I remember the last protest we hid against these guys. Scum bags
I'm surprised no one's talking about the guy in the picture. What a thrussy!
The comments made by [NAME] to Truth on Smackdown about [NAME] makes me really think [NAME] has an outside chance at the win
wow even the buildings on the poster haven't loaded in
Ii can't believe you just said that!
You know, ive always wondered how a car could get in a position like that
i stood kind of dumbfounded looking around feeling culture shocked
Hey guys. Just made some dinner. Came to see the game and check ohhhhh my god.
I wasn’t even expecting the reply that’s why I’m literally bamboozled.
i feel funny about saying any of this because the book is selling millions of copies every week and it seems i m the minority in this
Ah ha!
i would always feel amazed at how impacted these and year olds were by this subject
In the right photo, he looks like my friend's husband.
i feel weird tonight
i am so burdened to be a spiritual father to all generations and i really feel impressed that each and every believer should do so
My ego is pretty ok. My fun-o-meter is a little off and needs calibration probably, though.
Wow 40 years at 18 wow how unfortunate.
i would say to mira i am feeling really curious about what its like to live in a castle and im looking it up on my computer
I have a shirt with a picture that is very similar to this
i was feeling quite impressed with myself for taking just eight months to finish just the lyrics for one fairly simple though sufficiently tortured emo song
Wow, you’re so generous with other people’s money.
Oh, the irony,.
After listening to the lecture, I’ve concluded that there’s no way this kid isn’t a redditor
Wow! You've put my relationship in words I couldn't think of.
i feel only a little bit weird about making decisions without him
Wow, ouch...
i was overwhelmed by the feeling of being impressed i think these kids theyre years younger than me i can call them kids right
ive been feeling for awhile and he looked at me with a surprised look and said is that you
God damn, [NAME] gets 2 Mikans? Lucky.
I better not screw this up..
Good thing he realized this was pointless before he resigned from his state senate seat. ^/s
Wow, you weren't instantly downvoted hundreds of times. The omniscum must have had a salad once and got a protein deficancy.
Sob then! Be with the emotions and let them out until they pass. I always feel better afterwards.
i find myself feeling surprised and totally unworthy whenever i see her face
I don't think there's any "most women" on this. For me, it took well over a year after my marriage broke up.
i get the feeling that i impressed ecker
Oooh, THAT Shaggy!
Is that Guildford? There always seems to be plenty of zombie-like pedestrians around town!
People who claim others lie often deflect the question when asked for proof. Grow up
im feeling really weird
Oh my gosh!!!!!! 😂 you poor thing! Thanks for sharing!
Can’t believe we’re letting [NAME] go. So much energy since he’s come on.
I can't believe he told that story. I'm sure the minister that released the water is now so totally regretting not asking for a bj!
lol dont worry im aware, just thought it fit more here is all
I want him to change and realize he messed up and he needs to do better
Every time I see MCC news I get briefly excited for PC news. I really need to stop :(
All the best things happen after midnight. All the worst things, too, but life is all about taking risks. :^)
Surprised there isn’t more of this lol
i found the art at the other side of all i feel very impressed with my work
I'm having a hard time understanding what exactly happened. I'm sorry you're having these problems. 🙁
We occasionally awake from our routines and wonder if we are still alive.
No, he’s been with more women than I have been with men. He loves sex and has no problems with an erection.
Yeah I'll probably do some baking with it! I might also like it better after a while, I was just very surprised today 😂
i always feel so flattered when another amazing blogger asks me to share a little of world on their blog so here it goes
i am overly passionate but i love music for how it makes me feel i connect with the songs and the artists and i am amazed and truly in awe of those that can write a song that touches me
We all got our thing hun. Embrace it.
i feel a bit overwhelmed in some areas so i may come off as whiney
Wow! It's dead af here
i started feeling dazed
Guy on the right looks like [NAME] long lost sister
i think i deserve for once this freedom makes me feel amazing
You do realize that every cod since cod 4 has had some sort of sbmm right? Like every MP Fps like Battlefield.
If I don't shave I won't be able to wear a bikini, so not shaving is not an option
i feel very stunned that people got it in a big way
He might be, indeed...just remember, if you do catch him doing this, that he's just a kid without any understanding on that stuff.
I Can't Believe It's Not Butter.
Crazy how quick people are to forget.
My mom wrote a paper for me once in 5th grade. I got a B-. Needless to say, I learned my lesson.
Company car? Oh boy he’s in trouble now.
Was referring to their government, should have specified that better.
One of the scariest things about being in a cult is that you don't realize you're in a cult.
I was actually thinking about that during tonight's episode. I don't think the show would last long without [NAME] though.
My organs love me. I wonder how emotionally damaged a person has to be to come up with these. It's weird and sad.
The leaders are quite ignorant, and so are the rural areas, but the urban areas are filled with intelligent people
haha I'm realizing now that's what they meant. I'm just a salty liberal nurse lmao.
I didnt even recognize [NAME]!!!
Pre buff outlaw the rest just took time. [NAME] was pretty easy for me though.
It took me a second to distinguish between whether it was [NAME] or [NAME]. I have officially been cursed by this subreddit.
I should've left after the first period ended. That was brutal.
Oh, it’s you again. Here:
Didn't you know, it's all about winning, nothing else matters
It's never going to end unless you end it .
1. Keep doing exactly what we have been doing for the last 24 years. 2. Expropriate the land. 3. ?? 4. Economic growth.
You’d be surprised how often that works though
Low life is as low life does. I wouldn't be too surprised if he's broke by the time he's middle aged, unfortunately.
oh my gooooood
One of my cats always eats the other ones food. I never noticed it until he was obese. I'm not gonna make that mistake again.
I could not imagine being that imprisoned by my body.
Oh I will be independent. I don't need someone like that in my life.
Sksksksk omg, I think I must’ve got confused then, yeh top for ep8 right? And that’s the makeover or the ball?
Seems fun, wonder how she would have ended up if the ca er was not there
Oh my [NAME]. Yesssss.
I think it's safe to say I've peaked. 16/25 on the second half wouldn't all that surprising but I probably whiffed on [NAME]
I thought it was that one! I recognize the shadow of the new highway arch and the forever construction signs.
i feel enthralled by the lyrics and the rhythm
i feel weird in the companies of those who approve and disapprove of dot com marriages
That was the point of his last two sentences
i declined this invitation but secretly i could not help but feel curious
Yeah I haven't felt anything in days. It's like I'm numb, I hate that feeling.
I think Judge came in a little too late so he’ll need to be amazing for the next 8 years
I'd be extremely shocked if we don't get [NAME]. As for [NAME], I don't know much about him
i feel your prick every night when you re dreaming about me and i she paused dramatically i am not impressed
Wow misleading title.. Ffs
And I thought I was too old for this drama (I’m 25)
i just feel curious of what my mission is to be
I wonder if your mother is proud of the person you became
i often pass by the streets of jurer and feel impressed by some nice constructions and safe atmosphere it has
Seriously! Such an odd way to ask a question about traveling.
i am feeling a curious sense of relief a lightness that i never thought possible back when sex seemed to be the most desirable of desires and the ultimate act of self validation
i only feel curious impatient eager and confused
i was okay with it but still little have feeling for that my brother was more amazed he like mihm but he wasn t going to get playing time
I did not know Donuts could be so complicated.
Wait... I have been in two movies and I have played [NAME] in both.
i feel like i m trying to be that guy who hangs out with curious george
She looks like that in every photo
This reminds me to take a before picture. I'm losing 5 kg of beer gut before May, got to fit into that dress.
I thought this was a diary that I wrote in my notebook! I'm almost exactly the same!
I misunderstood "come back strong"
Dang, dawg. That one shocked me
Oh yeah didn’t notice the username. Yeah please do. I just recently got into photography. Total noob but I love it.
Man you'd be shocked to know some women still remain passive even when married.
They’re more and more surprised every week when this is reposted.
I did this for Christmas to coming home. Somewhere in Illinois I said to myself "fuck this Im flying next time and renting a car."
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **6th Cakeday** ThaJarseff! ^(hug)
i just remember feeling really dazed and amazed that it had all happened little did i know if you are about to have or have just had surgery then good luck i m sure i ve had the bad luck for everyone
Weird I'm short and have anxiety and depression and somehow I'm not an incel.
It is amazing how social media is allowing maniacs to congregate. Social media is very bad for us.
Ooooh wow. 😆
I'm glad you realize that [NAME] is part of the problem and not the solution.
Oh my [NAME], is this the new transphobia specific "Post Hog"? Because it really should be.
Ah ok! I figured I was getting it wrong.
Oh, wow. Hope nothing happens to his arms on the way!
You know I asked once and he was livid. But sometimes I wonder.
I wonder if the mapgen portion of the population will die in the first place. Dwarves just waste all their time working on the labyrinth it hits 30.
i know theres no hurry to get it done but it still feels a bit weird to not be checking out the newest patch content
You are uninformed. Its not just because of the wall.
After hearing weights drop - I can't imagine they're that good for the floor....
i feel amazing after every thrift trip i got on and to have some many in a small amount of time if my idea of bliss once i am earning again i will re claim my crown of thrift princess
This spoke to my soul. I might cry 😭. I really do run away from my feelings
It's always been Marfeles. Was 30 years ago when I first visited.
21 year old here! I had always wondered when I would feel like an adult... according to this thread looks like it never happens
BUT 3 MILLION VOTES!
Oh my gooooooooood
I almost forgot about you for a minute
Can attest. Vitamin deficiency here. Certain vitamins help alleviate bags under my well-rested eyes.
im just thinking back and feeling utterly amazed and grateful that we live in a time when four people who needed a family could find each other despite being thousands of miles apart
Wow. I just read the synopsis, and that’s really what happens.
So many? I’d be amazed if it was more than 0.1% of active players at any time
He sunk their house into the ground and blamed the architect and every episoode after that his beard gets a little less washed 🤔
Banned or moved to different platforms mostly. Never were that many and those that did post here had trouble following the rules and were downvoted heavily.
im feeling funny a href http
So we need a jewelry store and a tv show. Bet lol
i feel herpes coming i would be very surprised at this point if i make it out again after my checkup at the clinic on wednesday
Ah. My misunderstanding. Yeah get rid of those but that isn't what the removed post was.
Oh no, [NAME] baby! WHAT is you doing?
My [NAME]! This isnt a vaccine! It's a jello shot!
oh yes! i did not know pizza could possibly ever be disgusting until i moved to florida.
I can say when I was 16 I never did anything even remotely as hateful as what these kids did. It's really easy.
FOUR?!?!? that's inhumane and unreasonable. We get 10.
Is that a little poot at :09?
Is that seriously the story? I haven’t googled it. I just thought it was cool as a WW2 buff
i kept thinking about how awesome i would feel afterwards remembering how amazing i felt after my emotional spin class the previous night
i was feelings amazed imagining how would she feel when she will get this
You should’ve baked it in the oven, huge difference in quality. One of my favorite lonely Friday night Netflix meals.
i wake up feeling dazed from deep slumber and convoluted sometimes exhausting dreams a bit like a href http skdd
My mistake. Didn't see it was already posted. Cheers.
Fox News devoted 42 seconds on [NAME], wow.
This is doubtful...he just won with over 50 percent
If u see the show you would realize that swearengen it's motivating the journalist, everyone will run in to painful situations some give up, some fight back
i feel too overwhelmed to clean anything so i just let it all pile up until it makes my whole life feel like it is going to come crashing down around me and i am helpless to stop it
i don t think anyone feels curious about masala movies they are just light entertainers
OMG kids are dying from polio??
*Poop hole* Oooohwee!
I understand this keeps many dairies afloat (source neighbourhood dairy guy, so not 100 per cent sure it’s accurate).
Hey, remember when [NAME] said furries are all catfuckers? Glad he's changed since then.
What?! And you’re not a vegetable?! /s
I didn't realize there was ever an initial post on this subject.
I was honestly shocked when they denied an overpayment, especially since after the charges cleared it would have been a $0 balance.
i feel its a weird turn of events which is marred a bit by a slightly weird prose
i can remember i feel especially impressed to start fresh new and remove clutter
Holy shit I didn’t realize he didn’t fumble all season that’s wild
Yeah I figured it may be something like that. I was waiting it out too.
Oh this is that one he posted a while back with the dinosaur and flowers 🤢
That's Crash Chaos Cats. Same username on other networks.
Lots of physical intimacy and sex almost every time we met. Never suspected that this would ever become a problem.
Mommy bad man!!!
The team isnt really bad but their fans are really the worst
i haven t seen her since they broke up but now i m in this class and she is here waving at me so i go and sit next to her and get out my stuff and talk to her but i feel really strange about it because she cheated on my friend which i really should have mentioned before
a surprise to be sure
That's awesome. I never realized it was attributed to [NAME], though.
> He's finished. What does 'finished' mean specifically here? I think most of the previous times I've heard this phrase it's been sarcastic.
Yeah, I'm like I'll get on and play some Magic Arena, but every time I'm like this game is terrible AF.
The opposition need to come together, for the meanwhile, and put their differences aside and attack the real enemy, not each other.
Yes, because private matches are a thing. Surprised no one else has mentioned that one.
Grey’s Anatomy is still on the air? I thought it was cancelled years ago.
Interesting I wasn't aware of this. Maybe proving the undue hardship is difficult but technically allowed? I wonder what counts.
I suspect that it's harder to combat sexism in academia because racialized theories have fallen out of favor but sexist ones are still all the rage.
I wonder how it's still tagged questionable...
Wow, “Social” Democrats betraying the revolution. Who would had guessed?
Oh, did you not know [NAME] is the highest graded overall passrusher in this class? At any position!
Heavens to [NAME], guys, thank you so much for the gold! That was super-unexpected, but what a delightful thing to wake up to! :-D
I wonder how many tries it took to get the spacing right
I wonder if, as an added bonus, [NAME] ended the cameo with a dic pic.
Reminds me of that Black Mirror episode where the lady is brainwashed after committing a crime and forced to repeat the same government-made story with mind controlling phones forever
Wow. You should actually delete your account.
How she used the entire video without any editing.... that’s copyright
I was wondering what that was!
> The headline writers are misrepresenting her words (second publication I have seen in minutes that has done so). Oh wow I wonder why
I’ve reported her before I think that’s why she stopped pming me and started following my comment history instead.
My dyslexia read that as "McFucking brilliant" and I was wondering if we could make it a thing.
i feel overwhelmed and humbled but i am alive to keep slugging and i m grateful for the chance
i do remember the feel of the book and being incredibly impressed with it and knowing that ill have to read it again
[NAME] always looks like he just got handed a test and he realized he studied all the wrong material.
> we get a minimum of $11 Wow that's pretty generous, no wonder people don't need to tip.
It's a miracle
> "But I'm their father. They have to," he kept saying. And there is delusion colliding with reality.
I would make that face too if I just realized I was HC of the New York Jets
I noticed that too. Maybe it pumps them up too.
Wow this was an eye-opening response, and you’re right it helped us learn more, be compassionate and focus on a better well-being.
I didn't knew people can be so bad until I met a few people online.
Omg lala a housewife I can’t even imagine!
i wake up feeling kind of dazed and groggy
i beside see smiling feel very funny
There's a user here that advocates for disarmament and authoritarianism. I've noticed that a new username pops up periodically with similar content/ views.
Oh I went to make soup and must’ve missed that
Kinda surprised he listed [NAME] and [NAME] in particular, but not [NAME]. I guess this is the Leafs spotlight working in real time here.
Are we seeking attention? Waaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Quite surprised I wasn’t on there
Orange man bad is a much less funny meme than the actual image here.
Never thought I’d see a comrade here
They must do it giving their population and productions but we must remember that they are not the only responsible of their pollution.
Of all the people in the world, I honestly can't believe that Reddit hates [NAME].
On my first date with my now wife, who is an MD, she said she was intimidated by me. I think it was the suit though!
Nah it's a sexual disorder due to brain structure not aligning with body structure but continue to be an ignorant transphobe I guess.
I so remember that!
i feel the most overwhelmed
I guess the trick is not to eliminate susceptibility to 51% but to minimize it extremely.
I’m on mobile and I can see them. Omg it makes me so happy 😂 never noticed if before either. iPhone btw
The shocking conclusion.
Wow, this is why I never want to become a parent.
i remember feeling amazed
I think you responded to the wrong comment.
The nerve of that [NAME] album on his wall. I still can’t believe he has a child.
i have been feeling overwhelmed and time poor
i fight for him when i feel it is just he said and alexander s gaze seemed to turn curious
Reminds me of Ross Lake WA
i feel absolutely amazing
Not one bit surprising, yet also not really a men’s rights issue
I really like the colours but I'm wondering where that bit of shadow on the chin comes from.
11 years goddamit I’m old
“And that’s it, that’s all I’m missing”
[NAME] didn't finish the LPs!? Wow. I am in episode 20 something and was expecting him to finish :(
It’s not easy hiding that Baby Huey diaper.
With the way [NAME] carried himself in Hard Knocks I wouldn’t be surprised if he flew off the handle during his firing.
i ini i feel strange
OK thanks 😂 I just typed she automatically and then realized I had actually no idea if she was a she hahaha
Omg. This is just the best ever. 💜💜💜
I now know what taking acid would feel like
i barely even feel like explaining the weird history of shadow dancer the not really console port of the arcade sequel to shinobi even though there was already a console sequel to shinobi thats a totally different game the revenge of shinobi
I just realized what she reminds me of with that tongue; a frog!
i pick out of the air and feel curious about
I didn't know until a couple months ago. I'm 41. I know exactly what you mean.
You were in a movie once!
im feeling a little dazed and confused today
i wonder how people who are in college/undergrad who are in stable relationships do it.
Wait that's a thing? Because that didn't happen when I was young, I don't think
omg i cant believe that nifty is still a thing
Look what time it is. It's Fuck You, It's January!
Oh my [NAME] how did I miss that😂
I guess I dont see a difference between harassing someone and pretending to harass by actually harassing them. Their motivation or pre planning doesnt really change anything right?
i find myself feeling shocked hearing that word spoken out loud in my own lounge room
People still expecting that are delusional regardless tbh. Messed up they'll never say what happened to Half Life but time to start using some context clues herr
I try to switch it up, too; probably the main reason for the post. Gets boring sometimes!
i am a mother though most days it still feels strange to realize i am one
I predict one of them is going to be complete garbage and the other one gonna be competent with some critics calling it better than the original.
i thought maybe it was just my hands feeling funny but i touched my hair with my totally clean forearm and it became sticky
Wow, I might actually watch this weirdo movie this time.
i have no relief from my aches i am feeling just a tad overwhelmed by our current living situation and i am still unemployed and getting really really antsy about finding work
i winced and said that does not feel funny
i did not feel any emotion or was deeply saddened or stunned for that matter
i am now nearly finished the week detox and i feel amazing
My grandchild used to be a baby, and now he is no longer a baby. Thanks, xBox!
Never. He cheated multiple times, and each time I had an idea before I had proof. Listen to your gut.
Doesn't look like any 12 year old I've ever seen.
Consider yourself lucky haha. I used to call my local radio station daily to request they play it ‍♀️
Wait wait wait... did [NAME] go 61-27??
that would’ve tasted a lot better
i dont mean to boast but i feel rather impressed by my message
Tbh as creepy as this post is I was way more sexually active back when I was 16-20 than I am today Kids are horny 💁‍♂️ Idk
It happens to me in relatively short streaks last one 13 days and I noticed it was a bit yellow
I’ve read this exact same story except the car was a red Porsche.
Guess I hit a triple
i spent some time at the school yesterday talking to folks and snapping pics of my daughters as they delighted in the last day of school fun and i came away feeling impressed and happy which to tell the truth is my usual feeling about the place
i can feel that the two girls are shocked with what i m saying
I thought you only get to be a wizard after you're 30yo and still virgin
No it's because we're ugly, short, and ethnic
When will [NAME] learn that recycling his old favorite beliefs and takes from 2008, will not end or age well.
Really? In real life, she's wearing comfortable clothes with no makeup. Other than that she looks the same.
i were discussing on freedom and economic growth in global civil society i cudnt help but feeling amazed our frens in da philippines dat they r happy maintain basic living condition without rapid development as long as their freedom is not being touched
i wish it was a more comforting feeling but instead it feels strange like living the memories of someone else or maybe having woken up from a long dream or a long sleep years and finding that the trees around you have grown taller
oooh yeah your comment makes sense now :)
Now I know rhino poop is very green.
I think they honestly don't realize they're self-contradictory. It's not your ordinary, everyday doublethink...
I forgot the Olympics was gonna happen there 😂 hopefully the signs and stuff will stay!
i say walking away and shaking my head feeling a little dazed to get the drinks
I just forgot that arguing with people on the internet is useless and like talking to a wall. So Im out.
Oh wow okay, where can I get a wind proof lining beaning or scarf? And do I have to cover my eyes or anything?
We know Verb. Wait a minute, you’re not Verb!
No joke. Physics or chemistry I can see but comp 101? I’m surprised he has the ability to find the internet
I'm not going to Photoshop that even as a joke because I know someone will find it out of context and take it seriously.
The Melo FA is why I got a Twitter account I was an F5 machine that summer.
Ooh sorry, I didn't reread the article. I just remembered seeing it on Instagram. I'll add an edit
So we should stop caring about other people and only look out for ourselves. That DOES sound like a baby boomer!
Is this a real thing!?! (I am clearly very sheltered)
I was hoping for a new album surprise came out of nowhere when i saw the notification.
My baby niece does this. She fell down a couple stairs in her time and now is real careful with them
the father sending up 4 donuts every morning via stair lift to dtr, before she even comes down to breakfast, wonders if he is enabling her.
Their roster just doesn’t work, sadly they didn’t realize it in time.
i feel a little overwhelmed this weekend i went out to the beach and just stood in the surf watching listening and feeling the waves come in and out
Not sure I understand, the legion is in a pretty good place right now in terms of their power
You president now?
Ah, the other kind of dog.
Wow! Never thought of it this way but that's a REALLY good point.
I wish this was because he was being demoted and we were getting a new DC
Ah, info not previously known. Knowing that, I probably would’ve done the same.
The cheerfulness of the “hail satan” text overlay was unexpected.
I still can't believe that dude in Whangarei is still allowed to run his business. I wonder how much longer he will keep it up.
I would of gone to the doctor way before that
i heard a song on the radio yesterday that just made me feel amazed at the lyrics
In the shower, years after it's happened and everyone else has forgotten about it.
Has he recieved "Consent of the Congree? Don't deflect, that was the Constitution not CNN.
i love a movie with a good feel to it that really keeps you enthralled and the road has just that
It's also surprising that Valve released a dud game. Maybe it's time for Valve to grow up and introduce themselves to the digital communication age?
He suddenly realises that's not his house.
Most likely shock that had him so comatose.
i feel shocked that my photo was chosen as the best photo of the week
i kept waiting to feel the water and when i did i was surprised at the velocity i gained
i feel like if you can t admit that you ve always been a little bit weird or a little bit quirky it s just taking yourself too seriously
I didn't know that communism was a subject
wow, here in Brazil people say the opposite of this phrase, also makes me mad
i still feel a little dazed and high which is alarming since its been hours or so
Really surprised I had to come this far down to find this!
I guessed that but I’ve never seen a bun like that
i think she just rolled out i guess she s over it already i m kinda feeling that but no one has performed yet and word on the street is there is supposed to be a surprised performance by lil wayne nikki minaj and drake that would be dope
I was wondering the same thing
So... For me it changed earlier yesterday... Maybe it's a location/language thing
i feel strange with the judge passing sentence in such a manner
I guess I'm just too nice to people and I gotta learn to start sayin no.
i know this isnt real but it feels strange to me at times
An online poll that the Berners didn't manage to swarm? Color me shocked.
What did the dyslexic atheist insomniac do last night? He stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog
i can look at a stack of twenty five term papers and not feel overwhelmed
i can run and it feels amazing
I wonder if we will get to actually see the demise of their relationship. I doubt they will do it on the show though.
Lol I was just about to protest "you can't know that!" until I realized.....
Shocked basement leaking got you freakin lady
i wonder why i feel surprised that things are different than i expected
I was in the hospital two years ago and definitely had His help! My family saw some signs. It was very amazing.
Oh baby a triple!
Yes, some doctors look down on military docs. However, I've never seen military nurses looked down upon. If anything, it gives them a leg up.
Pilots omg... you are not alone there!
Anyone else see her 10 year challenge post today or yesterday. I'm so shocked she wouldn't pick this picture.
figured it out
i remember feeling surprised and stunned that a writer of the stature and quality of lauren had read one of my books long ago
I sould have assissted in the stabbing, even ceasar would have been surprised by the amount of stab wounds on that little shit
Wow yeah similar to my story what a nightmare :(
i feel so strange and sick i have to wake up in three hours seems like everything runs in threes now days t r e e s
The worst thing about this is, there is a good joke hiding deep down somewhere. Someone just used a jackhammer to retrieve it
Wow, the menacing head shake...(shivers)
Wow random irrelevant internet person has the secret goods on [NAME]. Maybe we’ll finally get to the bottom of this birth certificate thing...
i actually prefer peep toe shoes because of it because then i wont notice that my shoes feel funny
I believe that people with the disease give it a chance to mutate when around people who are vaccinated
It look like so much then I realized that I don’t leave my house
I felt my heart drop. [NAME].
I'm guessing you jumped straight to being offended too fast to realize that this is ironic. that's all tongue in cheek.
Right?! That’s up there with falling and hitting your eye on a doorknob.
I’ve made candies almonds and cashews in a slow cooker before. They’re surprisingly not mushy or soggy.
Hahaha thanks. I didnt notice the spelling dammit. Edited now.
The best one for me is still Borderlands 2, and it’s been a fucking while. Amazing how far ahead of its time that game was.
I'd be surprised if mosques make the girls on school trips cover their hair, hence my question.
I was talking about have a more positive outlook on life if it's meaningless anyways.
Oh same! But with [NAME]!
I'm wondering how many players have "PhD In Punishment" -comment unironically.
I tried it that way first and thought this was better, thanks for the input though!
i feel dazed deserted
im lacking in the accessory department but i have a feeling that once i actually start putting the things i own in one place i might be a little more surprised at what i find
Even though [NAME] has had so many drawbacks and made some mistakes, let's make one thing clear: it's NOT a time to trade him.
Thanks I was wondering what the sparks from his head were about.
i just feel a weird vibe
I'm actually surprised it stayed up. We already got a shitpost thread yesterday. I though the limit was one per week.
i am not a catholic i certainly don t feel it is my place to take sides on this issue but i am curious how the leadership of the catholic church will mesh with its own people over these issues in the coming years
I didn't realize it's been posted that often! Good to know. It was new to me:)
My god i thought he just hit his shins really hard on the pole but than realised what his shoulders did...
What?! I am level 20 and I already had 4. I did 5 hide outs in total not counting the tutorial hide out.
Yeah that happens t
If its our fault for stocking it in the wrong place, its our fault - within reason of course.
I never said anything. I’m just cynical that change can happen when there is so much money on the line. Decisions are bought not made.
That was the chillest Sharks GDT against an Eastern Conference team in a while.
Damn dude, can’t believe I never considered this possibility.
i even feel weird living with lay people again
Started watching when they were up 14, thought there’s no way to be disappointed today.... oh well
I keep wondering about armpit waxing, but the potential pain scares me.
What? No angelic BROWN EFFIN COW????
i just be feeling curious about a few tings
They do realize that the guy in the first picture is from a musical that mocks the [RELIGION] religion right?
You are right OP didnt think this 1 through
i feel strongly impressed that there must be something for me to do
i feel funny just calling it a film
Omgz rite?!!1 updoots!
Shoot i posted this in the wrong place. Here you are several sources. Happened last summer.
Basically how I discovered I’m bi—
Redpill is a modern name for an old sentiment. And anyways Matrix came out 20 years ago.
okay I just checked and OMG IT's SO TRUE (mostly) I really am a [NAME] <3
Must not hit opponents on the first frame then. My mistake
i also feel amazed happy fortunate and extremely blessed
Holy shit this speaks to me.
i feel like that s so weird that i had cancer that one time
Wow what's it like to be so petty? (Fixed)
i feel amazed how this sh it things happened to me
Because his reconnaissance is not unique in any way. Literally everyone who saw that movie thought that was surprising.
i feel so weird about it
I didn’t know I could roll my eyes this far into my head
im feeling a little impressed at their creativity
They talked about choosing either stance tho and I thought I read menu which makes me think of morrigan ult
are you fcking serious sis
Oh no, my secret identity as a neurosurgeon/entomologist/radiologist/anesthetist/dentist has been discovered! I knew I should have given less detailed medical advice online! D:
What an unbelievable coward
I wonder what a hug would feel like a lot too.
i use vegetable glycerin in my oil cleansing mixture each night and my skin always feels amazing when i use glycerin
Seems like a lot of time to wait ... i might need other options.
Yeah, I might have used the wrong word.
And he’s been with same org with his former teammates before Vegas. That and highly doubt [NAME] would drop a loyal player.
That's awful. also i think I just realized why I have so much trouble finishing the last bite of food. I get all anxious about it.
Actually surprised it's still going. It was fairly fun from what I remember, albeit a bit rough around the edges.
I’m surprised she didn’t name him Allesandrostien
wow I think you've really got her now
>Star centre [NAME] in the leadership group Oh my
i feel a bit funny actually
This would have been a perfect test of those Katyushua rocket water dispensers.
I'm sorry that you're so angry.
At first I thought this was talking about physical piracy (like stealing cargo ships) but now I understand.
i look back on that i feel amazed that at such a young age i could just pull it together like that
The surprise would be that we just broke a 16 year old record...
Maybe she can bartend on the side when Back in NYC. Oh, I forgot her progressive policies put said. Bar out of business.
Where's this snow everyone's talking about? Just looked out the window and there's no snow here.
Omg I really thought it was a new word for me, not debacle 😂😂😂 she didn’t even try
Some people on here are infatuated with his infatuation.
i feel amazed at the world
This reminds me of suits. (Currently about to start season four.)
I remember when reddit's default subs suddenly turned from [NAME] to [NAME] in a day.
Ah. That’s where I left it. Now where are the keys
I'm surprised who posted this bc she's normally a sweet women but then there was this
I know North America is a big place but I wonder what it will take to see similar crowds in cities over here.
I'm already aware of a lot of things I need to fix, but Im just trying things out atm. I would appreciate any and all feedback.
Weird how they shoehorned s character from an ongoing tv show into Celebrity Big Brothter. Glad they got rid of him after one episode though.
One of the reasons im not straight 😂😂
i am not sure why in that moment that i thought i would be able to feel it hellip but it was pretty funny
Oh no now I'm caught in the suspense, what could have happened?
i also don t know why is the reason of this freaky feeling that disturb my funny mood it should be but it don t
I was surprised to see [NAME] towing the line on his show.
There is no enemy. Only knowledge that there is an invisible social hierarchy and we aint on it, let alone at the top.
Wow what a final quarter. [NAME] throwing two intersepts. What a dog
You mean Ichigo/Nero/Black Ranger/I'm a Frog. Did not know that [NAME] voiced [NAME], but it does exsplain why he sounded so familiar.
The amount of hate that [RELIGION] people get in the world is absolutely staggering.
Oh I thought the laugh was from that one mech show
Honestly took me by surprised. Good job!
This is lovely. Didn’t expect the end.
Never noticed how unsettling palpatine looked
Not trolling. Anger issues. I'm sorry for previous comments.
To be fair [NAME] and Unite were both cleared of wrongdoing.
i would rather feel nothing than feel this then do not be surprised if you find your life very depressing and grey and unrewarding
i sit down to author this letter i feel a little surprised that an entire year has already passed us by
i have a feeling that many of you will be surprised to learn that after nearly years it s time for me to say goodbye as your guide to entertaining
i start an aimless internet search when im feeling curious
I was gonna report for hate but then I realized...
I'm surprised everyone seems to think there will be a season 2.
i still end up feeling a bit dazed from sheer sensory overload after spending an extended time in a very crowded area but today it wasnt too bad and the good company more than made up for it
Definitely surprised we took out [NAME] there. We needed to finish the quarter strong and it went straight to shit when he left.
I was thinking the same thing! Then I saw your flair.
That’s hard-boiled. This is the secret weapon we’ve been waiting for. You are a god-damned hero. 🎖
Look at her all grown up 😍beautiful.
i too feel as if i am a stranger in a strange land and i am raising my son in a place that is not his father s ancestral home
Suddenly went 6 to midnight TBH
i do feel so funny about myself because i seems to want to have good guy image although i have been keep saying wanna go clubbing but ended up did not even go once
Most [NAME] don’t really know the difference. Its an easy boogeyman.
i am trying not to feel so overwhelmed with everything i am trying to make small steps
i tell the people closest to me things that i am feeling and its as if they arent surprised because theyd known it all along
Great, so we know the spanish pronounciation is therefore racist and now I'm offended by it.
Wow you're so moral you've changed my outlook on remainers
i could just picture it with it homely feel and also having the smell of books would just be totally amazing
Yeah I'm actually pretty surprised that's not a thing yet, there's gotta be a lot of people working on it.
The problem with crypto is typically when people have a bad feeling about something it rarely turns out well
Also interesting to note that [NAME] left Lille for Monaco, been an interesting player when I've watched Lille this season
You realize legal investigations take a long time? [NAME] is a methodical professional and clearly several steps ahead of [NAME]. Be patient
Wow. Of COURSE this happened
Wow, how did a kid manage to eat a whole watermelon over the space of 47 hours!
Okay. The wall that he's mentioning. What wall would that be? ***on the border?? Oh my! Big surprise***
Totally. I didn’t even realize it was my dream until it happened.
i feel sort of dazed and cross eyed
i feel impressed to discuss sin again though i do not know why
Happy cake day!!!
I’m not arguing for it. I just think the punishment doesn’t fit the crime.
Really? Cuz hella 18 year olds with bad grades from my high school seemed to do it with ease.
Frankly, partisan politics aside, I would REALLY like to know where this fever dream of historical came from. It's mind boggling.
She missed the part where that's her problem.
i used to feel when i was still a child being very curious and innocent with everything and everyone around me
Oh, it's thor
Yeah a lot of people are missing that lol
Thanks for that. Never really investigated mechanism of it. Seems to be familial as father has it too. Otherwise normal.
It could be bait and switch... Which would be a surprise
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
i start to remember how desperately i felt when trying to get pregnant after feeling impressed to start having a family and soon finding that its not as easy as you think to just get pregnant
You realize that the ex husband is not related to MGTOW at all right?
Update: haven’t been banned yet By the way when I stop these updates I’ve most likely been banned
i didn't know this could happen.
I've never heard of this place. I know what we are doing next time we're up there!
i suspect that a few feel revulsion it elicits a weird uncomfortable fascination
i did feel my heart rate increase after the baths and i am curious as to how they d work in the long run on a fat loss plan but between the cost of lbs of ice at a time and the increasingly low temperatures in my apartment i gave them up after a short run
Om [NAME], who kets their dog fight a croc?
You're so right. It's unbelievable how well generalizations work for this game.
It took me a while, but then I realized your friend was one of the “weird guys”
i feel like it s a boy i would be pretty shocked if it was so somewhere in there my gut or my brain is saying girl
i feel ludicrous even thinking these things
Oh my *FUCKING* **GOD**!!
Oh sorry. To clarify, I was wondering if I should mention that I am more than willing to help her if need be.
i won t say that i didn t feel any fear because i did but i was surprised at how calm i was
Really? Edit: Ah yea, I saw the original one. It still reminds me of Wind Maker.
I live in Northern Scandinavia now and one of the biggest culture shocks to my American brain was the groups of very young kids just roaming the neighborhood.
"We need to be careful about hiring this one"
Had no clue what they were but first thing I realized is how bad the logo is
i feel amazed because when he watch his victim intensely the lying blonde has a pretty face like a girl his skin so smooth his lips so soft and pink and
i feel kind of strange
Thank you! I didn't realize that.
I'm surprised no one posted a Meat thread yet...
So. Much. *Effort.* I ca't believe a tree died for this sin.
im still not sure why reilly feels the need to be so weird
This is so true!! I'm vaping mango right now! Weird... Wish I was a kid.
ill add i havent tried all that time but i do feel as i adapt and pick up techniques quickly this is one of the things im amazed that its taken me this long
Oh and I forgot to say HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
We had a long debate about how old Jackie bird is and as per every year were surprised by the result. Was pish
i feel curious to know more i think the procedure worked well
I'm with you. Would this news surprise me? Absolutely not. But I'm not believing anything regarding this subject unless it comes from [NAME] himself
Wow... drug smugglers will always find a way I guess. I bet that took a ton of work
i feel weird sharing that but this is the source of some of my greatest insecurities
I didn't realise
.... You do realize they will eventually hit a glass ceiling since that's unsustainable.
Wonder how the iPhones working out
I had this back in 2012 so no not at all LOL
i feel the need to say that i was very amazed with the quality of the presentation and the resources which mack michaels puts forward
Wow! This got far more real than I was anticipating.
weirdly enough drug addicts are still human beings, shocking I know
Unrelated but wow I’m so proud that I can read like 70-80 percent of this because I studied Chinese for 3 years. 加油！在中国你做什么？
Wow, you must've never been on /pol/ or like dozens of anti [NAME] subreddits.
This is a person who has clearly danced a lot, I wonder what happened
Surprising you choose to believe things that aren’t true 🤔
That was my first live Lions game (British and flights to DTW are expensive) I've never gone through so emotions in such a short amount of time
I wonder what would happen if you did the same thing to him.
Oh my [NAME] your desk is fucked.
i do i feel very impressed with the one who made the story
im feeling less impressed with the speech this morning than i was last night
i feel funny telling you about my name change anyway gracias por todo
OMG the ones they sometimes sell that are just one giant piece. LOVE
Surprised, Playtest isn't mentioned. The ending is just god damn!
i feel pretty weird blogging about deodorant but im a bit of a deodorant snob and find it really hard to find a good one
Those splits of Marla's still amaze me! Not only in terms of flexibility, but STRENGTH. Just imagine how heavy that leg is...
Wow, I'm glad he's okay.
I’m rather surprised that these books are STILL being made. Like I thought they died off around 2014.
I think this is the first time I’ve ever seen this joke.
Wow that’s a fascinating belief
Exactly. I thought charcoal would be same like graphite pencil. I need to learn more of this stuff. Thanks for criticizing x)
Never would have thought about that
Wow. A relevant and amusing Garfield comic.
If you look really, really closely you will find the man tears in his eyes...
I always wondered where it was on ormond. I managed to find the toolbox last week on yamaoka as killer.
i also came away injury free and feeling amazing throughout the entire race
Well, whaddaya know!
Completely miss-wired! I never thought a kid can grow up miss-wired.
Oh, right -- hospital scene faxing the sketch of [NAME]? I just realized.
Frozen berries are fantastic. Put a few in some heavy whipping cream in a blender with a little sweetener.
Doesn't suck nearly as bad as Metropolitan Grill. I'm surprised that place is still open.
i was kinda laying on my disappeared arm playing on the computer then i got up to turn eat dinner but on the way adjectives of a sudden this wierd feeling in my collar chest felt like a bounce of electricity shocked me or something then my left paw
i feel surprised by how down it makes me
It's scenes like this that make me remember how truly special this show is.
Wow either [NAME] misspoke or I didn't hear correctly. I swear he said chainsaw, that is totally different from knife or cooking accident.
It seems the doctors have some explaining to do.
i was supposed to be working on a grant application but feeling overwhelmed i decided to curl up with my computer and netflix
Ah if they went to school together that makes more sense. I wasn't aware of that.
They wont touch a hero if they tweaked it in last 6-12 months. Like [NAME], they fucked/nerfed her and thats it.
The white thing high up in the yellow square is my uncle [NAME] glass eye. Wonder how it got there.
He forgot the most important law : Everyone can be stupid, and everyone will be at some point. Although he does illustrate it very well with his article.
The part that shocks me is that they allowed him to wear shorts in regular class.
i dont i feel amazed
>Being sexually desired False, since there are a lot of things you can change on yourself to be more desirable. Also you act out of experience.
eh, it has its ups and downs.
i feel about it has me shocked
It doesn't matter if 99% didn't vote for him, it only maters that he got 50% +1 of the seats.
i feel like when i left scad i was finally coming into my own and making work that impressed people
I've never been there before so I can't confirm or deny but I would be really surprised if a casino only had limit holdem
i feel like im craving it and then no matter what i order i just really am not that impressed
Even [NAME] had a few missed dunks and airballs. Extremely rare, but they happened.
Wow, never knew about [NAME] and I thought I was well-read!
It's strange i don't understand how work reddit, i drop a link when i create a post but it doesn't work
I'm surprised that the police have not send her to a mental institution
Remember, we created gods in our image.
i know the playwright robert reid socially and i feel a bit weird being so critical of work by someone im kinda sorta friends with
i feel curious about the subject matter
Oh wow I didn't know this policy was in place in the 70s!
That’s a lot of chonkers!
*Well well well, if it isn’t [NAME] the platypus. Totally unexpected, and by unexpected in mean TOTALLY EXPECTED!!*
He kept talking about Israel, its security, and how Arab nations are slowly welcoming them. How times have changed...
OMG this sub is gonna be my saving grace for the rest of the year. Thank you so much!!
i remember feeling shocked and somewhat embarrassed that the adf unity rite i was consecrated in was so much about me
i still blush and feel shocked about the recreational activities that i sometimes unwillingly and willingly hear sometimes
50% completion percentage and was losing 31-10 at the half. Congrats, he got garbage time yards/points when [NAME] was just icing the game.
Wow calm down
So many of [NAME] haters dismiss his top 10 stat placement. Never understood that.
"We must fight!....to run away.."
i should not have shared my feelings with him but i was shocked by them too
Whoa I didn’t even think he was a husky from the first picture.
I wouldn't be surprised if the Cheetos dust was coming out of his sweat.
If i remember I drank the rest of the liquor my friends and I were sharing then blacked out
Honestly idk that she ruined a moment, she just changed it so it was a different moment between her and [NAME]
I remember when I started showering every day as a kid. Everyone's first thought was I had a girlfriend.
I didn't realize being in my late 20s qualified me as a senior citizen, where do I get my AARP card?
i get that sick feeling like the one you get when you hear that someone passed away and youre shocked and lightheaded and i realize hes really gone forever
Only when going to sleep, already seen them all way too many times...
i am feeling a little overwhelmed but ive been given some amazing tools met some wonderfully creative fun and crazy people and was reminded that i have a voice that has been silent for too long
i was like oh thats awesome blah but then he was like reminding me hes interested in this other girl and i was like i know this but what concerns me more is if it makes you feel too weird to be with me like this
i am feeling insatiably curious and i want to read and learn more about digital media and social marketing
Wow. You don't have any self control?
There are so many posts from [NAME] on here it makes me wonder what people think wholesome means.
It WAS a naïve grandma!! 😅
i think are close to me as online friends also feel they still very curious about me
Yeah, I realized from your comment that you don't agree with it, I was just being confused about how the other guy believes it.
i lose friends because they apparently dont like that i tell people how i feel its funny how that works
mtv has agreed to take some of the load by having them on...i wonder if they get paid per appearance or flat season fee.
i went to work but i feel stunned and numb
The funny part about it our club has the hide to tell us eels fans that it was the game of the year. 🤣
wow, there really is “somethin” for everyone ...
a realization of the fact that you're not good enough and you have to work a lot harder and develop your taste?
i feel kinda strange too cause i didnt encountered with such feelings last year
Wow I didn't know it changed your face so it doesn't break rule 1 and 2? /s
Woah nice. Did you enjoy it or was it a completionist pain? I wish I could get into [NAME] but I just dont find the fun.
It was shocking to me when I realized this! Best of luck on your journey!
i remember is the feeling of falling and miyavi s shocked face
i remember that feeling.
im feeling amazing because im answering these questions from new york so life is good
ive seen how mean other kids and adults can be to a child who doesnt fit into the norm and no way was i going to label him so he could be made to feel he was anything other than amazing
i feel a bit stunned actually
Facebook is currently under fire for allegedly inflating their user base statistics by up to 50%. I'm not surprised they are having issues tracking money.
Science was wrong in the olden times so we should force people to learn from our old book of the really olden times.
Opinions? I mean that's just a statement.
Omg!! They are kinda turning [NAME] into new [NAME].
Looks like it. I didn't make it, I just found it.
Wow she still hasn't helped even though you recognize it?
Last time I saw it tested, it beat BO4 and was on par with Fortnite
i enjoy all of these aspects of my life it is hard at times to not feel completely overwhelmed
Surprisingly it wasn’t a [NAME]
Oh [NAME], oh no, no no no
Well now I think I was wrong
Lol thanks! I thought it was funny but apparently my humor isn’t for everyone.
No kids, I have a broken oven. When my marriage fell apart that was a blessing.
Yea! But I realize now I was referring to the wrong movie.
Part of me want to see the rest but the other part of me realises he's probably cold
i feel curious reserved habits was nothing else
Wow, that sounds like it could be great.
i still feel quite amazed at how silent snow is compared to rain
I’m surprised it was uploaded today, especially since he uploaded a video just a few hours ago
i read the book and feel like i am travelling those journeys sometimes i am amazed sometimes i cry sometimes i laugh sometimes i yearn for what is written sometimes i remember my friends my family and the deceased and realise there is so much to do for them
I gave up trying to be 'normal' years ago. But I get your point though.
Oh I wish that was how everyone thought. Unfortunately it's not.
Must’ve gotten it the wrong way round because he moves like a spry 82 yr old
i thought i was the only one who felt this way!
Wow another person in Dunedin uses Reddit
At least the bike was lighter than you ... poor cr50
And in the case of human trafficking, these people we should be given homes and protection instead of being tossed out to be abused in their home country
omg pizza time with junko time
I guess learning French in school helped me for once
im old enough that graduation and yk feels like just yesterday i find myself a bit stunned by this
I heard about that too
i have only taken three rolls shots so far and really i have been feeling my way with a very strange camera a lightmeter and the long forgotten thought processes of slow photography
They’re not hated for their ethnicity. They’re hated for their actions&behavior.
I wonder if the formal letter from the psychiatrist will help if cops just decide to shoot her first :(
Wow.. must have missed this. This is really fucked up if true!
I did not know those were a thing. I need to get one for my pain meds.
Can you imagine the amount of backlash she’d get if it was ANOTHER [NAME] collab? Omg.
Oh that’s terrifying
The games are that expensive, because corporations have figured out that people will pay that price point. Now bugger off.
It did put me off at first but after you get better with a weapon it becomes far less of an issue.
Went on a date with someone whose 8 years older than me. She didn't realize I was only 20. Whoops.
i go up to her and i say feeling very impressed with myself youre naomi klein right
Not for me. The ankle area is the least painful, compared to the rest of your body
fashion now wont age any better.. thats just the cycle of those things.
This commercial really just reminded me what scumbags Verizon are
Was it just me or when they showed the backboard camera did the hoop look like it had a surprised face?
Oh [NAME] imagining this tween screaming yaaass queen at a poor drag queen made me cringe into a ball
me too! a guy a few posts up as well... I wonder how many of us we need for a class action lawsuit
Omg. It's Viv from [NAME] !
Didn’t realize they lost it. Loved their Cooperstown collection figures.
When he said, "IT'S CALLED RESPECT" and gritted through his teeth-- wow, he is just waiting to let his hands fly.
i feel strange with it because it started to be sale
Wow, you really missed the point, didn't you?
Right?!!! But I have learned to love the bitter taste of alp 🤢😭
I heard it to the beat "I want you to want me" I like your squanch!
ive suffered from eating disorders and depression since i was and i feel amazed to say that i consider myself recovered now
Thank you! I was thinking, man, I’ve never been corrected about this before. 😐
Even after achieving 100% in this game, his performance still amazes me.
i feel funny without
Damn. Didn't know [NAME] was still making videos.
I was 10 years old when this happened and seeing her heartbroken dad on tv and hearing her story still haunts me.
im trying to do something often i just look at the whole problem and feel overwhelmed by it then sometimes avoid the issue for as long as i can
For some reason I always thought that was [NAME] unless if I'm remembering a different play
I know that, but it just reminds me of darkest dungeon too
i have to admit im feeling pretty overwhelmed
i don t have the longevity or experience in the field to get a feeling for that and i m curious as to what the speculation might be
i am feeling quite impressed with myself because i went two directions across the top row and down the left column
I carry 2 small stuffable throw blankets and a sweatshirt. Sweatshirt to ensure warmness. Blankets to ensure cuddles. I’ll let you know if it ever works.
i feel dazed and unsure of a world in which dying young and disasters that sacrifice so many lives in one swath happen let alone happen with frequency great enough to make me cringe
oh my [NAME] easily one of the worst sounds aaahhhhhh
Omg lol at least now you Will be more careful before throwing out words like that. I would die.
Let's be completely honest though it kinda doesn't
I remember the Lions under [NAME]. Just no.
Oh this belongs here
The president's own charity is under federal investigation so its time to drag out some so called progressives and show that there are bad people on all sides.
When your dog dies, you will realize how absurd this statement is.
i feel it is because mccarthy isn t at that place yet in her career where she can really consistently humanize a character while balancing out the fact they are supposed to be funny
Oh. My. [NAME]. I can’t handle this
There’s a fairly strong intersection between white supremacists and antivacs from what I’ve noticed
The wow at the end without an ! really had not emthamused!
i feel energized and curious again about life about god about my potential to give something back to society and about finding someone after my heart
Sounds like they’re not responsible and shouldn’t have the right to have these.
This is exactly what happens when these fields are controlled by political ideology and not by a unbiased search of the truth.
That was me a lot before I accepted myself as Trans
You'd be surprised how much control [NAME] has in your life. I've experienced it first hand. Mentally.
A 12 million sub channel has value. Wouldn't be surprised if it's been hollowed out ready to be sold and rebranded.
Wow, I read that years ago, but I didn't realize it was about Narcs.
i feel like im in some weird dreamworld where i can do absolutely anything
Except he does literally every game, but not everyone can watch them.
35k? That's just crazy. Mine was less than 2k, and that includes the wedding dress.
My mistake, after almost 15 seasons it's a little hard to remember. Thanks for letting me know!
Wow are you saying political agitators will drum up a controlled crisis and disseminate the edited video through a foreign fake twitter account
I have many a screenshot of blatantly false posts that my older, conservative, religious relatives share on Facebook
I see you've bought into the utter fantasy of UK house price fake news The average semi detached house price is £227,912
Yeah maybe I over indulged as a young lad!
I totally read that wrong and was about to shout COLBY 2012
i was feeling amazing so i was disappointed when my lab work in december came back the same way it did the previous year overall it was good but i did not have enough protein in my diet
Wow. Some people are so stupid. But if it was me I would have opened the door and at least put it inside the doorway.
oh is that it
HAHA so sorry. I've had a very slow day at work. Been hitting F5 repeatedly. Was surprised it wasn't already posted.
I'm not on it I was just wondering for the sake of knowing.
[NAME] is the name I heard speculated on, but the reality is it'll be [NAME].
im feeling extraordinarily dazed and bewildered this arvo for no particular reason and my muscles all hurt even though i dont actually have any
Omg! Sounds like [NAME] was right about calling [NAME] a weirdo! That is so so odd!
[NAME] knocking [NAME] out. Somehow, I didn't expect the brainwashed soldier to betray the kids.
i think of how much time we spent just doing fun childhood stuff together as a family i feel amazed
I’m surprised I had to scroll this far down
It's uncanny
Demeaning women is the same as mocking the clown president? Cool.
It’s like you didn’t even read the comment you’re responding to.
Yes of course and I catch a lot of it. I just didn’t realize this was about that!
Of course it's going backwards, people generally don't want to acknowledge men as the people that hold society on their backs.
Don’t explain how you’re feeling to her either. Women like men who’s feelings are unclear.
26>27 confirmed
I'm still a little surprised at how god awful that defense was. The Bengals definitely have some talent to work with.
I am stunned
Yikes on the sauce!!
You forgot [NAME] and [NAME] as [NAME] and [NAME] in the 2003 *Battlestar Galactica*, which was spectacular.
A burned hand teaches best, after that advice about fire goes to the heart.
The level of denial the top boys reached was astonishing.
Sometimes life actually hands you lemons. We're just lucky that we have a proverbial phrase that gives us an idea of what we can do with them.
Is this [NAME]?
So glad to hear they got banned. Can't believe adults can still behave like that.
My 1 year old ate TWENTY TWO broccoli tots for lunch. And he still wanted a cookie afterwards. Like...what?!
i didn't knew your toe can get that flat without breaking the nail in thousand of pieces
Do all you can. Really everything is put in perspective, my work seems very unimportant right now.
I always thought filet mignon had bacon and garlic butter. Colour me surprised Deliberately ignoring anything to do with the minion
Oh shit. Is back?! Time to import
It was. I accept that, and it taught me a valuable lesson.
Wow if ur mom didn’t come back for her card you were a goner crazy
Yeah - thanks - I vaguely remember this. I wonder what her net worth was year by year? Too lazy to investigate.
I always thought he was a student that took school too seriously (when I was younger of course)
You're so right. I'll remove my arms post haste.
i was there in october and i was shocked at the amount of people on the interstate just casually browsing facebook while driving.
Holy shit! No way in hell I'd get that close to DFW in a Cessna!
i will enclose her verses on her could not weigh much more thinking and feeling curious to hear the odd couple
Aaaaand now I'm concerned. Clearly there's a story behind this.
I still can't believe [NAME] actually gonna be in Smash.
My [NAME] and Papa were married 44 years before my Papa died last February. I hope to have a long marriage like them..
i know that i will always feel a little bit strange and out of place in the academy
In this day and age I’m actually surprised at how many hotels haven’t sorted plugs by the beds yet
It's changing, slowly but surely. 20 years ago most people liked fur, now it's seen as cruel and unnecessary.
I mean, the whole point of this sub is to complain about not having a plate ...
The show paid for [NAME] surprise trip didn't they?
When you look back at your picks and realize you’re laying pretty much entirely chalk Tenn -8 Bowling Green -4 Akron -1 NC STATE -1.5 Duke -21 MSU This should go well lol
i am not sure why i feel the need to share this experience with the world maybe its just that now that its over its actually pretty funny
Getting jealous over exes is hard to overcome but they are EXES, he/she doesn’t want them, they want you.
It would honestly make sense for her track record and she’s releasing her new song and it’s a plastic runway and she made of plastic
Believe it or not, but I saw that he's a college instructor now
Truth is, we don't know. Never tried it really.
the screw i need is different than what they sell. we tried.
This is dumb. Why is Detroit Lions infiltrating here.
In that I should not have posted it or it's just really blatant
Ah, I see. Thank you for clarifying!
i am feeling rather overwhelmed with all that is on my to do list
Sorry but I didn’t throw in the towel for my co worker. These feelings were present before she entered my life.
im not sure if anyone else will feel these but i was pleasantly surprised by my read of the first and second book
Wow! I didn't even know there was a handball world championship.
This is why you either keep your distance or shoot them.
Wonder what the sub’s average age is.
Lord, he is extra sensitive. And I thought my ex was bad lol.
i enjoy reading immensely and i feel strange or off when i m in between books or just lack the time to read
That's really interesting! I've seen that happen before too
I'm surprised they play the national anthem at derby bouts there, been to many bouts in Minnesota and haven't once heard the national anthem performed.
im feeling so overwhelmed
i still feel so amazed knowing i stood right in front of jason
i sit here looking at the sentence i just typed i feel quite shocked
Wow! There's no reason for this comment!
Wow thanks I never knew! I might try to take a tour!
After five years she realizes that's not for her? No offense but thats a long time to do so.
Apparently [NAME] is realizing that it looks bad when he isn't performing governance duties.
i also feel curious when i read all the readings because not only i want to have depth understanding of social constructivism itself but also i found this unit gives opportunity for me to understand the philosophy of each type of constructivism
Another establishment hit-piece against Saint Bernard
what a bizarre post omg
i feel almost weird that someone i didnt know has impacted me emotionally these last few days
i honestly have so much research to do and have to think of so many color schemes and how to implement organizational tips for small spaces that i feel more than overwhelmed with the intensity of this project however there is the masochist in me that is incredibly excited
i have a curious feeling that benjamin button is the next forest gump curious case of benjamin button review a href http stayviolation
Unbelievable! Here. Have your iPad back. Not interested in being treated like a criminal. I’ll write home with pen and paper
I read that more as "shut up, hypocrite" than "he's not that bad".
I can’t believe this blatant police brutality
Wow you found the answer, wish you were on top, will link to you in my post
i feel amazed i can compress my difficulty so neatly into one sentence
Of those affiliated with TFSA? Not heard about that. I do recall there being a general amnesty to those involved in looting though...
Omg I'm crying and shaking rn [NAME] would never say that
Wait... today isn't April 1st...
Well, my masochistic curiosity got the better of me. I've seen worse, but that's going on the blacklist for damn sure.
That’s no ordinary rabbit!
i remember feeling overwhelmed and noted the particular smell off the city mostly cigarettes and people with wafts of charred something
Gonna be a much better game than the last one. So glad you guys are coming to carver
i am feeling a little overwhelmed like i do every year at this time at the speed each holiday season creeps up on us
I saw the first 10 seconds and I feel like I understand
At least she wasn’t engaged 19 TIMES!!!! 😜
[NAME] winning a ball would be...... surprising
i still feel a little bit funny when i discover his fb damn it
i was feeling overwhelmed
i asked darren about it when he got home as i was feeling a bit curious even though it didnt really matter and it was really none of my business
i still feel funny
It is. Something I've wondered about many times
I'm shocked, shocked, to find that redditors don't read sources and stay with the info they get from the misleading titles.
Some dank shit DEFINITELY happened at the Ritz back in the day.
I can't believe people are saying [NAME] should have been saved, she knew like 10% of the words
I’m so glad I’m not the only one with this stuck in my head now!
i feel somewhat surprised when reading george hobica s discussion on usa today
i actually found myself resenting the song for making me feel which is weird for me because i used to play guitar and sing in church like all the time and music was a huge part of my life in college and high school
Oh look a player breaking out of a slump against Dallas. Haven't seen this one before
Considering you are also a child, I can't say I'm surprised by your edgy hot take.
personally ive noticed some of our sars are coming out darker than normal so idk loo extra strong i guess
Wait, wut? I thought there was some sort of (2) term pledge from
I'm suprised I didn't see more of these. Thanks for the support :)
Well, this is the first time I've seen that in over three years.
i like to do things that leave others feeling surprised and delighted
Ah, I forgot humor can be objectively measured.
OMG. The company logo reminded me of something. AAAAAAAAAAAH.
Id rather do the highlights again just not a full match.
Omggg me too ahahaha, i should try shopping in kids
OMG she's BYEsexual. Sorry I had to.
Don’t own one and the show is tonight I didn’t realize this dilemma until a few hours ago
I think they’re gonna keep her a surprise.
Maybe that’s what happened to the great white at Houston zoo
Well technically [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] get eliminated again but from the ones still in the competition yes no one goes home
Holy shit I think I see cheekbones.
what a surprise i never saw coming
OMG this Extreme Love commercial. Yikes.
At 45 I'm the youngest in my run of terraces by at least 15 years ago I can see how that would be disturbing.
i immediately related to feeling curious about everything
Ive just given up. Learning to become selfish.
I did notice it because it was widely reported in the media! Just as this would be!
i loved the feeling i got during an amazing slalom run whether it was in training or in a race
they just want someone to agree with them and tell them they're right. that's all these sorts of posts ever are.
Wonder if her steel balls make the same sound, clanging together, when they're frozen?
ive been taking or milligrams or times recommended amount and ive fallen asleep a lot faster but i also feel like so funny
[NAME] I've smoked for 20 years. Really is time to quit.
i feel so amazed with myself as i could stride nonstop for more than minutes
Too hungry for that money.
That’s a new level of blonde I never knew existed!
This is why the option isn't "be accurate" but "be as accurate as you can"
I never knew this! Nuts are a total fear food for me
i can't believe i havent seen this before. well i was going to watch nosferatu tonight but change of plan
Pikachu shocked.jpg I hope we give him a fair chance and he succeeds
Something something don't fight what you hate, save what you love.
No. People just realized how dogs make good companions and the dogs in the US aren’t infested with various diseases compared to the ones in developing countries
i woke up feeling dazed and confused
i am feeling much like the guy in the pic above a little overwhelmed and starved for time but very delighted to be making new work and preparing my little florida bungalow for thanksgiving guests this weekend
[NAME]? Rape? I am shocked I tell you! SHOCKED!
I can't believe [NAME] is considered an mua and he can find match his foundation lmao
Wow this team has no clue what to do against this right now. There has to be 15 turnovers already.
I was surprised too
i still feel a little dazed and have that sort of disbelieving feeling of oh my god
i bore my testimony that listening is one of the most important things we can do and if we feel impressed to do something even if we are unsure about it by learning to follow those impressions we will learn whether it is of ourselves or of the spirit
Her mother has been visiting the book sales down at Miskatonic university! You apparently have an excellent reading background, and you've learned well!🧛‍♀️💜
After 6 weeks, anything becomes a habit I hear.
Wow. Have that much debit in your bovada account is something crazy. Props to you
TIL the Recession, Great Depression, Colonialism, War on Drugs etc. were created by socialists.
Really? I thought this joke was a bit plane
heck
My [NAME]. I think we have a winner. IT'S. A. REAL. PLACE. Best part
How terrible. Imagine waiting this long only to die the day before release? I always get that minor anxiety before a highly anticipated album!!
It took me way too long to realize that was a claw and not just a smashy thing.
i feel funny about mothers day
...holy crap.
Wow, again? You deleted and reposted it after I called you out not even 5 minutes ago! #desperate
I have pledged myself to truth, I don't remember signing a pledge.
It’s a wonder [NAME] didn’t get more duis with the amount he needed to drink
No email. Besides Instacart emails go to my junk email so I probably would have missed it anyways
Wow fuk I'm watching that right now
Killing goblins is not murder hoboing. [NAME] should have done that himself, really.
Wow .. this is more terrifying than if they were a ghost ! Amazing twist
It literally never occurred to me that there would be a sub for USAJOBS. Thank you so much
i am feeling overwhelmed i want to physically shake everything off me the way i would if there was a spider in my shirt
Yeah? I’ll believe it when the Packard plant is a bigger version of the Factory at franklin
Oh, Boy. You into phrenology too.
I thought the joke was going to be that there would be a kiwi (fruit), but this is way more wholesome
> is this big news? Not really. The primary use of vit D is different.
It only struggles because it's released too late by [NAME] defeat.
And when the 4th Quarter needed it most, it vanished!
Wow, that’s a big 3 year old!
I think the only person who needs to leave is you.
Yeah, one more time for good measure. “Hey, hold on there you forgot something “. WAM
Ohhhh now I get it Omg I'm so stupid
Oh.... We're still doing this ? Even after [NAME]?
Thanks! Oddly enough, it's actually the first place that I ate at, when I was apartment hunting in New Haven several years back.
Seriously! Like can any foreign power just come in and appoint a president?
This was potentially the most dangerous stunt I have ever seen someone do. One minor mistake and you die.
i feel funny cause bonka neva thanked me fa his awards
I'll be shocked if humanity makes it to 2100. But yeah. It's a miracle I'm alive since I had the toe on the trigger.
i feel very shocked by how many people i talk to who havent seen this movie
This moment ALWAYS makes me think of the “hzuh” Walmart rat vine
Wow I had no idea all of this transpired. Crazy!
Noooo. I seriously did not know that. Yes, mind blown.
There is no such thing as 'incel worldview'. Youve been indoctrinated by other subs, most likely [NAME]. Admit that you're wrong and move on.
I wonder why they're single?
For a sec I thought I was on NoSleep. I'm glad no one got hurt.
Oh nice I was wondering if you could mix flavours. I'll still stick to mint though 🤷‍♂️
i had a weird feeling colts were gunna win the SB, should have put some money on it
Oh hey, someone with a brain. Rare round here.
It's hard to be good to yourself.
Wow. Instant retirement money...
i feel curious about all this things around
Omg I just finished and I'm in awe...
i was feeling an act of god at work in my life and it was an amazing feeling
Oh my god, zero-calorie Gatorade is a thing ^(i don't care how many chemicals are in it if its zero-calorie)
I'm surprised she could operate a suitcase.
I think she was trying to demonstrate that such solutions are practical even if politically difficult. But it was a sloppy analogy.
I blurred the names of the others it's about [NAME] being [NAME] 😂
ah gotcha, you zoomed in a lot further than i expected.
I was wondering the same thing?
It took me 14 years to secure my AA 🐢
i shook my head feeling dazed
Well it looks like I am going to spend at least a year renting to check the city out
Can't remember how many times i died there. Death is easy if you keep spamming holy water in the corner
i believe the most readers feel impressed by the individual journey
i get the feeling that hes not impressed with me
Wow, AP. Just wow.
Oh god no!!! I was gonna get some shipped out to save you some money. Never mind.
It was tough at first, but I'm slowly learning to love again.
I wonder if these little creatures with their big bulgy eyes ever poke themselves in the eyes accidentally.
Oh wow Thats definitely something
Well, i really can not believe that in 21 century religion can offer solution for all the problems.
i care very little about impressing people unless its a person who i feel deserves being impressed
Yeah, my bad
I turned the game off last night wondering what it’s like to have two point guards and being slightly jealous of the Nets.
i feel that they were just as surprised to be sharing my dream as i was to have them sharing it
I have an idea. Hear me out in this. Maybe we shouldn’t get upset about [NAME] until.... they...sign... elsewhere? Too radical?
i think and feel its funny its sad its weird but more than any of that its the truth
for a moment i got scared and wondered what was this doing here then i read the happy ending
Wow. That went south both times. Wanna try for a third?
HUGE difference! SO important! Amen sister.
>Ultimate 12 Inch *notices bulge* *OwO what's this?*
RemindMe! 6 years
N00b account tosses insults - how surprising.
I got so high someone from the future stopped me from getting high.
i will adjust to it but for now it feels so strange
Wow, y'all are heroes!
This is the best thing I've seen so far in 2019. As a gamer and a human being this is love in video form 😊
i am not sure if we should buy more but my hubby and i are feeling pretty impressed
wasn't aware of that sub, and wow ... that's one crazy racist cesspool!
>The surprise will be all ours. head_meme.gif Can't be surprised by how terrible a story becomes if you don't watch it.
reminds me of Far Cry 5
It makes me wonder if Old Money New England families are into their own cousins a bit much.
i feel surprised when i looked new
> super model strange Oh man
Wow I forgot about that! I need to revisit those!
omg so quirky
Wow that was a roasting... Deserved, but daaaaamn [NAME]
im beginning to feel my way around the systems and im very impressed with the overall level of automation and control that goes into making memset what it is
Change the initials to fake names. Was going to read but it’s too annoying.
